<Page1>
I'm in front of the site of the collapse.
Six days have passed since the inferno, and the area is
completely silent.
This park in front of the station used to be a site for
relaxation. It's since become tragic ruins.
<Page2>
"........."
In the past, this place was always bustling with
people.
People completely unrelated to me. People I'd never so
much as crossed paths with.
<Page3>
I can't write them off simply because I never knew
them.
And yet, I  written them off simply because I never
knew them.
As it turns out, you can shelve all that guilt if you
had nothing to do with it.
<Page4>
If ignorance is a sin, every man is a sinner.
If insincerity is evil, every man is a villain.
That's why there's no reason for me to apologize for
the scene before me.
<Page5>
I'm not going to lament the deaths of people I've never
met.
Mourning these people just because it's sad would be
wrong.
Farewells are moments of remembrance for the living.
A chance to shed tears as you thank the departed for
all their achievements, as you reflect on how brightly
they shone in life.
To cry and apologize out of sadness is nothing more
than a self-serving formality.
<Page6>
That's why―――I can turn my back on this scene.
Or at least, I thought I could.
<Page7>
"―――I'm an idiot, aren't I?"
And yet, I can't stay away forever.
I'm not supposed to feel sad. Nor am supposed to feel
bad.
At the end of the day, I'm supposed to be a man
concerned with his own survival.
<Page8>
Even so, there's something about this that feels wrong.
I can't bring down the curtain simply because I've lost
everything.
That's something that should only be done when you've
accomplished all you set out to do, and can hold your
head up high―――
I get the feeling someone taught me that, long ago.
Some unknown individual, from who knows where.
<Page9>
I hear footsteps behind me.
I turn to see―――
Someone wearing my school's uniform, but I don't
remember―――
<Page10>
Right. Even though I should recognize the upperclassman
standing there, I can't even remember her name.
<Page11>
"Good afternoon. Are you also here to offer flowers to
the deceased?"
"No, I―――"
Senpai doesn't look away from the foot of the
barricade.
Following her gaze, I see a great number of flowers
swaying softly, their heads bobbing as if reminiscing
about the deceased.
<Page12>
"I just came to do some soul searching...
Though, I've still only found half the answer. In the
end, I―――"
I can't pretend that vampires don't exist.
Not just the vampire called Roa―――
Her too. I simply can't forget like this.
<Page13>
"As I thought. You have a lot on your mind, don't you?"
Senpai doesn't so much as glance over at me.
I make no attempt to meet her gaze either.
I felt it was the polite thing to do in this situation,
seeing as she's gone out of her way to come and give me
some advice.
<Page14>
"To chase after Roa also means to chase after .
Do you understand what that means?"
"Yes, I do. It's not as though I can accomplish
anything without her, can I?"
<Page15>
"It seems you don't understand after all...
Chasing that woman will only get you killed. You
mustn't meet Arcueid Brunestud again."
"And... why is that?"
<Page16>
"If a True Ancestor succumbs to their vampiric urges
even once, they're beyond saving.
Even True Ancestors desire blood...
No, that's not quite right. The desire to suck human
blood originated with them in the first place, and was
only later passed on to people.
At the end of the day, Dead Apostles are no more than
the ruins of what was once human. The real monsters are
the ones we call the True Ancestors, the 'first
vampires'. She sees you more as a bloodbag than a
collaborator."
<Page17>
"The first...? What do you mean...?"
<Page18>
"Please don't tell me you've never thought about it.
Humans only become vampires when their blood is sucked.
So, it follows that there must exist primordial beings
that were vampires from the very beginning.
Those bloodsuckers, which exist on their own
evolutionary tree, are the True Ancestors.
Beings who do not require human blood to survive, and
possess otherwordly powers on par with―――no,
surpassing those of the Dead Apostles.
Even among the True Ancestors, that woman is royalty.
Though, they don't really have the concept of social
status, so calling her 'royalty' isn't really correct."
<Page19>
"――――――"
Her explanation leaves me at something of a loss for
words.
I'm surprised...
I only said it because she felt so detached from the
real world, but she really was a princess.
<Page20>
Man...
With a disposition so sunny it borders on airheaded and
a staggering disregard for common sense... She's not
exactly the sort of princess you'd see in a picture
book.
<Page21>
"Listen up.
The bloodsuckers we call True Ancestors possess
vampiric urges far more sinful than those of the Dead
Apostles.
They can get by just fine without drinking human blood.
However, perhaps something went wrong with their
birth... They came to possess one single flaw... one
single unnecessary function.
I mean, of course, the vampiric urge―――an innate
desire, a  for human blood."
<Page22>
"In the past, there didn't exist a single person that
stood a chance if attacked by a True Ancestor. Anyone
in that position would have their blood sucked, and
cease to be human.
Whether it's down to the sheer difference in Lifescale
between us as species, or whether by sucking someone's
blood they steal their very soul, no one knows."
<Page23>
"The moment someone's blood is stolen away by an
almighty being like a True Ancestor, they cease to be
human. Instead they become an offshoot of that
vampire―――in layman's terms, nothing more than a
.
Even if... that's not what the True Ancestor who sucks
their blood wants."
<Page24>
"I remember now... If I've got it right, Dead Apostles
'turn' humans by transferring their own blood into
them. On the other hand, True Ancestors only need to
suck a human's blood, right?"
<Page25>
"Right. And the issue is that there is no reason behind
their vampiric urges. In fact, their urges can't be
stopped  there's no reason for them.
These otherwise perfect lifeforms called True Ancestors
contain a flaw within them.
Their 'sickness unto death', if you will. They live
their entire lives suppressing that urge to suck
blood."
<Page26>
"It's not just a matter of exercising reasoned
self-restraint. It takes concrete, physical
effort―――every drop of power they have―――to keep
that desire sealed away.
By turning their own extreme abilities on themselves,
they're able to suppress their innate vampiric urges.
However―――what do you think would happen to those
urges they've held in so long if a True Ancestor's
power were to suddenly deteriorate for reasons outside
their control?"
<Page27>
If something were to cause their power to
deteriorate...?
For instance... using their power to heal a grievous
wound.
I once 'killed' Arcueid as thoroughly as it's possible
to kill someone, and even though she revived, it must
have taken an incredible amount of her power.
<Page28>
Let's say that Arcueid has a total power of 10―――
She probably has to use around 7 of it to keep her
urges in check.
However, if her total power were to drop from a 10 to a
5, even if she were to allocate all of it to
suppressing her desires, it still wouldn't be enough.
In fact, she'd be in the red―――
What was she cutting down on in order to get the energy
to regenerate―――?
<Page29>
"Then what...? If a True Ancestor is unable to suppress
those urges, what becomes of them?"
<Page30>
"They suck blood, as you'd expect. After that, there's
nothing.
Once they succumb to that urge, they'll just keep
falling into depravity.
I hear that once a True Ancestor knows the taste of
blood, the torture of resisting their urges grows twice
as painful. As a result, they will never again be able
to suppress their urges."
<Page31>
"True Ancestors are an extremely powerful species, but
since they have to dedicate so much of their strength
to controlling those urges, they can never utilize the
full extent of their power.
However, a fallen True Ancestor has no need for such
restraint.
They become hedonistic monsters, who suck the blood of
humans for nothing more than their own enjoyment."
<Page32>
I remember how Arcueid looked last night.
Her bloodshot eyes.
Her rough breathing.
Her searing breath on the back of my neck.
<Page33>
"No, but that's―――"
That's an outright lie.
She's terrified of sucking blood, there's no way―――
<Page34>
"―――Ah."
Right, she's afraid.
She's afraid because she knows that if she sucks blood
even once, she'll never be able to hold herself back
again.
<Page35>
"However, if there is a single reprieve, it's that
these urges are momentary.
In preparation for the time when they become unable to
withstand their urges, each True Ancestor prepares a
single underling. This is the origin of the creatures
we call Dead Apostles.
They're apostles long since subsumed by death. Vampires
kept alive to serve as the True Ancestors' painkillers.
This is how the vampires classified as Dead Apostles
that now lurk in this city came to be."
<Page36>
"But Arcueid Brunestud doesn't have an underling like
that.
Well, it's more like there wasn't a need until now.
She was special even among True Ancestors in that she
could suppress those urges through sheer force of will.
However, she reached her limit last night."
<Page37>
"Those urges are unrelenting; they will never go away.
This constant suppression causes a build up, and before
long, it overflows from its vessel."
<Page38>
"The longer they live, the stronger the urge grows.
And when their own power isn't enough to stop those
urges anymore―――
When those urges exceed their own abilities, their
lives are ended by their fellow True Ancestors.
Such is the end of an endless creature."
<Page39>
"......"
What the hell?
Is that what a True Ancestor really is? A creature that
has to fight tooth and nail to hold back their own
urges, suppressing their desire for blood―――
Only to be killed at the hands of their own companions
when they finally reach their limit?
<Page40>
That's far from perfect.
 No matter how strong they are,
if there was such a fatal error in their creation―――
<Page41>
"No. She's fine, though.
Last night she went back to normal immediately. She may
be weak right now because of me, but if her wounds heal
and she can use her strength freely again, then
surely―――"
<Page42>
"That's not possible.
You see, she was already at her limit."
"―――Huh?"
<Page43>
"It's said that she was born in the twelfth century.
Even if she's only been active for a fraction of that
time, it doesn't change the fact she has existed all
those years.
Sooner or later, the urges that have been lurking
within her all that time will swallow her whole. It's
honestly impressive that she's lasted this long.
She is―――Arcueid is―――a being without a future."
<Page44>
―――.
This is a first.
I'm struck by dizziness so severe I can barely see my
hand in front of my face―――not as a result of my
anemia, but because of someone's words.
<Page45>
"―――――"
So then, why?
If she herself knew that she couldn't go on anymore,
then what was she doing hunting vampires in a place
like this?
<Page46>
―――It doesn't make sense.
No matter how I think about it―――it doesn't make
sense.
<Page47>
"What you're saying... doesn't make sense.
I mean, if she knew her time was running out, there'd
be no reason for her to come exterminating vampires for
us."
<Page48>
"She doesn't dispose of vampires for our sake. It's
simply her duty to do so."
"Her duty? Who decided that?"
<Page49>
"The other True Ancestors, of course.
The twelfth century, when she was born, was the era in
which fallen True Ancestors were at their most
rampant."
<Page50>
"The True Ancestors couldn't leave their fallen
counterparts―――and the armies of Dead Apostles
they'd sired―――alone.
To that end, they gave birth to a pure True Ancestor,
one who existed for the sole purpose of killing, who
could serve as an executioner."
<Page51>
"The name of that True Ancestor is Arcueid.
That woman was like a missile; once launched from her
castle, she would unfailingly seek out and destroy
whatever vampire she'd been assigned as a target."
<Page52>
―――.
My dizziness returns.
Stop it... Stop talking about her like that.
She's so good-natured and compassionate that despite
knowing and carrying her own pain, she still helped us
humans. Talking about her like she's just some weapon
is pissing me off.
<Page53>
"No, she  a weapon. That was the only condition under
which she was allowed to live from the very start.
...That's why I'm so puzzled by what's come over her
ever since she came to this city. I've never seen her
talk so much before.
She's never said so much as a word until now."
<Page54>
―――Huh?
Now  absurd.
I don't know how you could possibly say that chatterbox
never spoke.
<Page55>
"After all, she doesn't do anything unnecessary.
She's existed like that since antiquity―――for
hundreds and hundreds of years. Ever since she came
into being in that castle nestled among the mountains,
her life has been the same, never changing, never
deviating."
<Page56>
―――.
The sound of my heartbeat. I feel dizzy. My vision
dims.
What is going on...?
Images of scenery I could never have known, memories of
things I could never have seen, all unfold before my
eyes like a waking dream.
<Page57>
The final paradise, sprawled among the mountains.
The wilderness of genesis, evocative of the  
  .
The courtyard of the castle rooted within that domain.
A woman is poised amidst that sea of white blossoms, as
though asleep.
<Page58>
"She had no surplus knowledge, no freedom.
The only time she was allowed to leave was when she had
been assigned a new target.
When that happened, she would be taught only as much as
was necessary in order for her to execute her mark."
<Page59>
There was nobody else there.
Nobody to talk to.
Nobody to meet her.
<Page60>
"After she returned from eliminating the vampire she'd
been assigned as a target, her knowledge would be
washed away, and she would be put back to sleep.
She was kept locked away, knowing nothing, lest she
pick up anything extraneous to her sole purpose of
killing vampires."
<Page61>
Nothing else.
The joy of meeting someone's gaze―――
And the fulfillment felt from exchanging
conversation―――
She was never to be given either.
<Page62>
"She was strong enough to destroy even the fallen True
Ancestors.
But, it's ironic: truly excessive power can bring
misfortune. She was shunned even among her fellow True
Ancestors."
<Page63>
"Even while praising the princess, nobody would come
near her.
Even though she had been bestowed a castle, her world
was limited to a gloomy basement. And so, there was
never anything there to grant her emotions."
<Page64>
"The True Ancestors treated her as though they were
maintaining a weapon. After all, there's no need to
give a weapon extraneous features.
Weapons do not need the function of baking bread or
doing laundry.
If you were going to attach unnecessary features like
that, you might as well add more weapon-appropriate
features instead, right?"
<Page65>
'―――I've always been taught never to do anything
unnecessary.'
<Page66>
She'd said that in a sing-song voice.
That's why her gaze had been so empty when she had said
she always decided on things by herself.
For her, other people had never been necessary. They
didn't exist.
Even if that was only because she didn't know about it.
<Page67>
"The only thing that the True Ancestors cared for her
to be was an exceptional executioner.
Therefore, she didn't know anything else.
Words and feelings didn't exist for her.
She's a monster on a higher level than even the inhuman
Dead Apostles.
There was never any meaning or significance to that
being's life."
<Page68>
That may be so...
And yet, she was always so cheerful.
Laughing happily at even the most trivial of things.
That's why I came to the conclusion she'd always been
like that.
<Page69>
What a cruel misunderstanding...
She was just―――
<Page70>
'―――I mean, I had so much fun.
Up until now, I never thought I could be so happy from
just being like this... from just existing.'
That was an anxiety that I could not comprehend.
In that classroom bathed in the light of the setting
sun, she'd confided in me with that unassuming voice.
<Page71>
"Despite how long Arcueid has been around, she
understands less about what it means to be alive than
even we do.
If we only consider the time during which she's been
permitted to mobilize, she's been alive for a
surprisingly short period of time. She has spent the
vast majority of her lifetime asleep. No doubt a deep,
dark sleep at that.
There is no way that she could have developed anything
resembling humanity in such a dreamless sleep."
<Page72>
'Really?
I find just talking like this to be pretty fun.'
<Page73>
"And so, after passing judgment on all of the fallen
True Ancestors, there was no longer any reason for her
to leave her castle.
Because her goals were more or less achieved, the True
Ancestors tried to give her an honest education.
However, she was never able to become truly free.
As for why―――as the result of a truly trivial
misunderstanding, she massacred the other True
Ancestors left in the castle."
<Page74>
I see...
Having only been taught to kill vampires, she dutifully
carried out her orders to the very end, just as she'd
been instructed to.
In the end, she was the only one that remained.
<Page75>
"After executing all of her kin, the True Ancestors who
had raised her, she secluded herself in her castle.
She sat on the throne of a castle now devoid of any
other True Ancestors, bound by thousands of chains that
stretched all the way to the castle ramparts.
Each time the vampire called Roa reincarnates, she
briefly awakens from her slumber in order to carry out
her duty."
<Page76>
Inside that deterministic world―――
She never spoke even a single word.
<Page77>
"Those are Arcueid Brunestud's true colors.
She is an executioner by nature.
Even now that the True Ancestors binding her are gone,
she continues to prowl about for the sole purpose of
hunting vampires.
I presume there is nothing else she finds enjoyment
in."
<Page78>
That's a lie.
That's not at all what brought her joy.
<Page79>
I didn't pick up on it at all.
Neither in her words, nor in her delighted smile.
If only I had taken a better look, I would've
understood.
<Page80>
I didn't realize how alone she's been all this time.
Dumb conversations about nothing with a kindred spirit;
the fun of somehow letting the time slip away.
The simple tranquility of the idle hours of the
evening, all these things that we normally think
nothing of.
<Page81>
She was happy because she had never experienced that
trivial repetition of events up until now.
<Page82>
"That's a... lie."
What's so incredibly frustrating is that she herself
didn't even have an inkling of how absurd the path
she'd been walking was.
I simply can't stand that her past, everything she's
experienced up until now, is such a cruel, unjust tale.
<Page83>
"―――It's all... a lie."
I really had only ever found half the answer...
I will never in my whole life understand what I 
do.
But at least now, I've finally found something I 
to do.
<Page84>
I don't want her to feel like she's lucky to experience
these commonplace things.
If I made these experiences things that she felt were
always within her grasp, then just how――――
<Page85>
"Hellooo?"
The unfamiliar upperclassman's voice snaps me back to
reality.
This is Tohno Shiki's reality.
I took a long detour, but thanks to that, I feel
refreshed.
<Page86>
"Were you even listening to me...?"
"No―――I'm sorry, I didn't catch any of that.
I thought I heard my Senpai talking, but it also
sounded like there was someone else speaking to me
there."
Senpai sighs and nods, not entirely satisfied.
<Page87>
"Um, so basically, she's―――"
"That's enough.
It doesn't matter to me what Arcueid's up to, or how
dangerous of a person she is.
At the end of the day, I killed her. I need to take
responsibility for the mess I caused, and make it up to
her with interest."
<Page88>
That's what I want to do right now.
I don't want her to be alone any more.
<Page89>
"I see...
Though, is that truly your burden to carry?"
<Page90>
In truth, no matter how much I want it to be, none of
this is actually Tohno Shiki's responsibility.
That's why Senpai has come here to appeal to me to
stand back and stay out of it.
<Page91>
Take down the enemy that Arcueid came here to fight,
and protect the city?
That's just whitewashing the truth. You should just say
it like it is―――
'You know what you're doing, right? You're going out to
kill some stranger for Arcueid's sake.'
<Page92>
"―――Yeah... but―――"
I raise my head.
Before me are the bouquets of flowers left in memory of
the deceased.
And if I turn around, I can see the familiar city,
where life plods along same as ever.
<Page93>
Ah―――
It's so dazzling I get a little lightheaded.
The thing I couldn't save.
The thing she shortened her own lifespan to protect.
The thing we naturally ought to prioritize above all
else: knowing where we can find our own happiness.
'―――Honestly, what a fool I've been.'
<Page94>
"But―――to me, she's just as important as all that.
No, she's even more important.
If you're saying she's a vampire who doesn't care about
humans, then you can call me a bloodthirsty murderer
who doesn't care about vampires."
"――――――"
<Page95>
Values differing from those of a decent human being.
I can accept that, to humanity, I'm the same as Vlov or
Roa; the lowest of the low.
In exchange, all I want is to be with Arcueid.
<Page96>
". I'm amazed.
I didn't realize that you were already such a lost
cause."
"I'm truly sorry. My sister's stubbornness must have
rubbed off on me."
<Page97>
"Your sister, huh... Well, that's fine, but―――
Because I'm feeling generous, here's some free advice.
True Ancestors who have succumbed to their vampiric
urges even once will never fully recover. If she shows
herself to you again, it will be because she's come to
suck your blood."
<Page98>
What Senpai says may be true for her.
However, it's not true for me.
<Page99>
"That's not gonna happen.
After all, she still hasn't sucked any blood."
"No, if Noel hadn't stopped her, she would have sucked
yours."
<Page100>
"You're wrong. After all, she stopped, didn't she? She
was fine, really. That's why―――even if nobody had
interfered, the result would have been the same."
Yeah, that's right.
Arcueid's fangs had definitely stopped moving.
<Page101>
"I suppose a born fool is never cured.
Well, I've gotta catch a flight, so this is it for me.
My annoying superior arrived and I've been demoted."
<Page102>
Senpai passes me by.
Without ever having met my gaze or said her name, she
simply takes her leave.
<Page103>
"―――Ah, I do have one question though.
Why am I the only one who remembers you?"
I still can't remember her name.
But I definitely remember this person.
<Page104>
"I simply forgot to erase your memory.
That too, will end here."
<Page105>
The flowers left in memory of the dead are swaying
softly...
Turning around, I see the retreating figure of an
upperclassman, but I can't remember their face, let
alone their name.
I listen to their departing footsteps.
After bowing once in thanks, I too begin to walk back
to the place I need to be.
