<Page1>
We face each other in the moonlit corridor.
Roa shows no sign of making the first move.
The fact that he just stood by and quietly watched this
whole time suggests he's sickeningly overconfident.
<Page2>
"I must say, I didn't expect you to still be alive."
Roa addresses me as if nothing has happened.
―――I take off my glasses and ready my knife.
<Page3>
"I wonder if humans that can see death also have a
knack for avoiding it, irrespective of whether their
life force is strong or weak.
Well, it could also be that you just don't know when to
give up."
<Page4>
I'm not the only one desperately clinging to life here.
Both he and I are barely half alive, still shambling
along after we failed to die properly the first time.
<Page5>
"Those who have returned from death are the only ones
who can truly understand it.
A fraction of those people, such as you and I, come to
possess special abilities.
I had to experience death sixteen times before I
finally arrived at this ―――yet you did so
after only experiencing it once.
No doubt it boils down to a simple difference in
talent. I can't help but wonder just what abilities I
might have obtained if I'd reincarnated into your body
instead."
<Page6>
His cadence is prideful, and his voice grating.
Simply listening to him speak is enough to give me a
headache.
<Page7>
"...I have two things I'd like to ask you,
and one thing I'd like to say."
With my thoughts swamped by this headache, I force the
conversation toward its conclusion.
<Page8>
"―――Oh. Very well, let's hear it."
Confident in his absolute superiority, Roa views this
as nothing more than a sideshow.
His response is merely amused.
I'm grateful.
 The more he acts like a human, the more
furious with him I become.
In fact, I'm already so angry that him seeming human
isn't enough to give me pause. It's almost enough to
make me laugh.
<Page9>
"...I'll start with the most important question.
You―――why did you kill Arcueid?"
<Page10>
"That should be obvious.# She was after my life. Isn't
it only natural that I kill her in return?
Though I have to say―――that broken-down excuse of a
princess is hardly what I'd been hoping for. In my
current incarnation, I could have taken her apart even
if she'd been in her prime. Alas... I never got the
opportunity."
<Page11>
"There's nothing to be gained by getting my hands on a
True Ancestor that's no different from any other
vampire.
I concluded that she was worthless, and disposed of her
accordingly. It's not as though I'm pleased that this
is the way things played out either, I'll have you
know."
<Page12>
The enemy's lips twist into a grin.
―――My head, hurts#.
Now. Take his life away, here and now.
I can't stand the thought of him 'existing' for even a
second longer.
<Page13>
"Now then. Where do you propose we go from here?
Surely you do not plan on challenging me with that body
of yours?
There's nothing more appalling than a pointless
struggle, murderer."
<Page14>
He lays out the obvious truth...
Dizziness grips me, and I slump to my knees on the
floor.
However―――even if I no longer have the strength
necessary to stand, I still have  I can fix my
eyes on.
<Page15>
"Give it a rest already. You can stare at my death all
you want, but it doesn't do you any good if you can't
even touch me. That fighting spirit of yours is
misplaced."
"...Misplaced?"
<Page16>
"That's right. It's impossible for you to be my
opponent.
It's not a matter of the difference in ability between
us. Nor is it related to the question of whether you
could or could not kill.
If there's one thing holding you back, it's that you
lack a truth that makes me your enemy."
<Page17>
―――#Out of everything he's said, those are the only
words worthy of note.
There's no sense in remembering anything he's said up
to this point, or anything he might say after. But I
feel that the words this man just uttered embody his
own inner truth.
<Page18>
"I hold your abilities in high regard.
Hmm... It appears that SHIKI's personality is fading
away. I suppose now that I've settled his grudge
against you, I'm becoming less like SHIKI and more like
Roa."
<Page19>
He approaches me.
With each echoing footstep, the silhouette of his body
begins to melt.
Am I hallucinating? I must be. He isn't actually
melting. It's my vision that's starting to blur.
Anger directed at him. Hatred directed at him.
Anger directed at myself. Hatred directed at myself.
These emotions blend together and come to a boil, the
pressure threatening to blow the lid I've clamped over
them clean off.
<Page20>
―――Ah. From the other side of my brain, the cries of
cicadas are beckoning to me.
Something is bubbling up from the pit within me#.# In
other words,# something dreadful# is...
<Page21>
"Don't you think this power is magnificent, Shiki?
You should be delighted. We are the only ones capable
of possessing these Mystic Eyes of Death Perception. It
would be a terrible shame to do away with such a rare
ability, all the more so because you and I are cut from
the same cloth. We can understand each other better
than anyone else ever could.
What better quality could one hope for in a partner?"
"...You're saying that I should ally myself with you?"
<Page22>
"Not at all. I'm saying that I will  you my
partner. Your will doesn't even enter into the
equation. I'll purge you of such impurities here and
now.
Relax. I'm going to suck your blood and pillage your
soul. Once I'm finished, I'll turn you into a being
that can wield death without hesitation."
<Page23>
It doesn't matter how far away from me he is anymore.
All that matters is that he's in front of me.
All that matters is that he's .
<Page24>
"One more question. The things you see only apply to
living beings, don't they?"
"Of course. If it's not alive, then it doesn't have a
life.
The 'points' that are the source of life only exist on
living things."
<Page25>
"――――I knew it. I understand now, vampire."
<Page26>
I grip my knife.
All vital activities, from my extremities all the way
to my core, come to a standstill.
My brain is filled with nothing but pain.
But it's not enough. It's nowhere near enough.
I must go beyond. I mustn't hesitate. The woman who
warned me of the consequences is no longer part of this
world.
<Page27>
"I don't follow... Those don't seem like very fitting
last words.
Well, whatever. Our little chat ends here. I still need
to take care of that woman from the Church who's
skulking around.
―――Rejoice, Shiki. Once I've turned you into my
underling, your first opponent will be that woman
you've been relying on."
<Page28>
"――――――"
Ah, what a stirring provocation. I'll play along, just
as you wish.
<Page29>
I have no morality or common sense left.
I can't recall my own views, my own form.
The flesh that composed my self has already rotted
away.
I've lost what it was that made me .
I... have already...
<Page30>
Forgotten what it means to be human.
<Page31>
"!?"
The man comes to a halt. His expression freezes.
His body, no longer rooted in the foundation called
'life', stiffens like a fetus.
<Page32>
"Hold on―――what's happening?"
The world hasn't changed one bit. He has every
advantage in this situation.
He can't make out anything that could possibly threaten
him. At least, not with the level of awareness he
possesses.
<Page33>
"Why―――are my legs, trembling?"
That's why the only thing reflected in his eyes is
fear.
<Page34>
"You and I do not see the same thing, vampire."
―――My body# feels like it's on fire.
"All you're seeing is life. You don't understand death
at all.
That's why all you could kill was a single enfeebled
woman. You have no hope of killing me."
―――My brain glows white hot.
<Page35>
"If you could really see death,# then you wouldn't be
able to stay sane. What you understand is nothing more
than the part that grants life.
If you could truly see death―――you wouldn't even be
able to stand."
You could liken it to the moon's surface.
A cold wasteland where everything is dead.
To see the 'death' of things is to be thrown into a
world where everything is brittle and uncertain.
Where everything is so fragile that the ground is next
to insubstantial, and the sky could fall at any moment.
<Page36>
"You―――you bastard, what are you saying?"
Roa's voice is shaking.
It's to be expected...
He can't even begin to understand my monologue.
What it all boils down to is this: our eyes may bear a
striking resemblance to one another, but they are
fundamentally different.
<Page37>
"―――Stop it. Don't... don't look at me with those
eyes!"
Roa's voice is laced with fear.
He hit the nail on the head with what he said earlier.
Humans are creatures that harbor an instinctive fear of
the unknown.
<Page38>
"You don't understand what it's like to feel as though
the whole world could die at any second.
―――That is what it truly means to see death.
These eyes are not something to boast of."
<Page39>
Back then, even simply walking around was terrifying.
If I hadn't met that person―――I'd have gone crazy a
long time ago.
<Page40>
"You've got it all wrong, vampire.
Life and death are nothing more than two sides of the
same coin. They will never come face to face for all of
eternity."
"I already told you―――stop looking at me with those
eyes―――!"
<Page41>
I hear his footsteps approaching. He isn't able to pull
off that lightning-fast strike of his.
He's paying the price for using up too much of his
power against Arcueid.
If that's the case, then the outcome is already a
foregone conclusion.
"―――I'll show you.# This is what it truly means to
kill something."
I can plunge my knife down far faster than he can reach
me.
<Page42>
The instant I do, the entire walkway lets out a
rumbling groan of resentment and disintegrates.
<Page43>
"―――――!"
Even Roa's scream is drowned out by the sound of
collapsing rubble.
The walkway has been killed in the truest sense of the
word.
Deprived of its meaning, the entire mass immediately
crumbles and comes crashing down.
Caught in the midst of the collapsing corridor, Roa
plummets to the ground, battered by the falling rubble.
