<Page1>
Beneath the flawless moon, there leaps the beautiful
avatar.
She springs from the roof of one building to the next.
Never stopping, never slipping, her flight as straight
as an arrow.
<Page2>
Her destination has already been decided.
The city's educational institute. That high school
building, far removed from the hustle and bustle of the
city, is the battlefield haunted by her mortal enemy.
<Page3>
"―――."
Barely two kilometers separate the mansion atop the
hill from the school.
With her powerful legs, she'll reach her destination in
a matter of minutes.
<Page4>
It's a dance she's well accustomed to.
An action perfectly calibrated to the task of running
her opponents through, with no wasted motion.
To many Dead Apostles, her form is synonymous with the
thunder of death.
However, on this particular night, the path she carves
through the air is warm and tender.
<Page5>
"I love you―――I love you, I love you, I love you!"
As she looks up to the sky, she releases her pent-up
emotions to the heavens.
Because if she hadn't, her chest may have burst open.
If she hadn't placed her hands against her cheeks, she
would've grinned so hard that she'd have fallen.
<Page6>
Her chest brims with an indescribable light.
A continuous shiver of fulfillment runs like pins and
needles from the base of her neck up into her brain.
This is the first time she has felt these things, and
she revels in it.
<Page7>
The pessimism that bound her until recently is nowhere
to be found.
It's possible that her body really is on the brink of
collapse.
It's possible that she really doesn't have enough
strength left in her to fight.
It's possible that even if she defeats the vampire
lurking in that school, there may be no future for her.
It's possible that everything up until this point has
been a fruitless struggle, that there is no meaning,
and no salvation.
<Page8>
"―――I don't care. None of that matters to me!"
Herself... Roa... their petty feud...
All of that is already in the past for her.
What animates her now is the feeling held within her
heart.
A feeling she is experiencing now for the first
time―――
the desire to protect the one she holds dear.
<Page9>
'This generation's Roa is different.'
'He isn't as obsessed with the True Ancestors, and his
pursuit of immortality is half-hearted.'
'This Roa―――
harbors an intense motive against one person in
particular.'
<Page10>
After looking back at the course of events, she comes
to a conclusion.
She understands the connection between Shiki and SHIKI,
in much the same way as she understands her own
relationship with Roa.
<Page11>
"That's why―――I'll take him down."
She will not put him in harm's way ever again.
And now, she no longer feels hesitant to fight Roa.
Up until a few minutes ago, she had been terrified of
going up against him.
After all, the voice of reason in the back of her head
had told her that her odds of winning are slim.
<Page12>
It wasn't the idea of being unable to eradicate Roa
that had terrified her―――
It was the thought that if she were to be defeated, if
she were to disappear―――she would never be able to
see him again.
But all of that has changed.
What drives her now is the overwhelming joy that
courses through her entire body.
<Page13>
'...She's all by herself. I just can't leave her alone.
That's probably my reason.'
<Page14>
"――――――"
She lets out a soft squeal, her eyes, her lips, her
entire body curling in on itself in nervous
embarrassment.
I wonder if I can win?
I wonder if I'll survive?
I wonder if I'll ever be able to see him again?
<Page15>
'It would be nice if I could', she thought.
For that reason, she'll fight. She'll fight for that
ray of hope.
This is the first time she's had such a guiding
principle.
It is neither hatred nor duty that drives her.
The avatar in white races through the night spurred on
by happiness, by the joy of being able to do something
for his sake.
<Page16>
"I have nothing that I can give you in return,
but―――"
At least allow me to thank you for this warmth inside
my chest.
"I'll take down that enemy of yours―――!"
She decides to use all of her remaining strength,
and end things tonight, once and for all.
<Page17>
―――Even now, the memory of those precious few
seconds burns in her heart.
She smiles, knowing that those simple words were enough
to make her thousand-year journey worth it.
