<Page1>
...In the end, Arcueid makes me show her around the
broadcasting room, fine arts room, and many other parts
of the school. By the time we finally leave, the sun
has already set.
It's just past 7:30.
It's a bit early, but we should begin searching for
vampires.
<Page2>
"It's gotten pretty dark. I can't think of anywhere
else to go, so shall we get started,# Arcueid?#"
"What, already? There's still plenty to do in town,
isn't there?"
<Page3>
"The sooner we do it the better, right? We already
messed around plenty during the day, so we should at
least get some work done during the night."
<Page4>
"You seem way too into this. Why'd you break your
promise yesterday if you're this serious about it?"
"...I mean, I didn't exactly do that on purpose, did I?
I could barely even move by the time yesterday evening
rolled around. I'd been planning on going to the park
up until the last minute."
<Page5>
...Though, now that I think about it, doing so would've
been pretty reckless.
If Akiha hadn't stopped me from going to meet up with
Arcueid in that condition, I would almost certainly
have held her back at a critical moment.
<Page6>
"Hmm, really now? Then let's get to it."
"...What's up with that face? Against my better
judgment I'll ask... what do you mean by that?"
<Page7>
"You said that you had intended to go to the park,
right?
We still have some time, so if you couldn't get there
yesterday, you can just make up for it now."
<Page8>
Arcueid begins galloping off, her footsteps echoing
lightly.
It looks like she's seriously headed to the park.
"―――Wait, hold on, hey...!"
I break into a sprint as well so as not to lose sight
of her as she dashes off.
<Page9>
"See?# You always follow along, no matter what I say."
<Page10>
"...You idiot... if I... leave you... on your own...
who knows... what will happen..."
I'm doubled over, panting, my shoulders heaving as I
work to get my ragged breathing back under control.
I had to push my way through the crowds in order to
keep up with her. She really has been dragging me
around by the collar all day.
<Page11>
"But I guess there are a lot of people# around at this
time of night.
I can feel their presence all around us. It makes it a
little hard to relax."
"...Then why... didn't you... listen to what... I said
earlier... you..."
<Page12>
"I didn't? But I'm sure I heard your voice just fine."
"...I see. So you were ignoring me... even though...
you heard me. That's just... plain evil."
<Page13>
"I wasn't ignoring you. You always call me an idiot
whenever I respond to your complaints, so I just kept
silent."
"...I see. I guess... I'm partially... to blame... as
well, huh."
<Page14>
Huffing and puffing, I get my breathing under control.
It's roughly 1.5 kilometers from the front of the
school to the park.
It's not a particularly large distance to cover at a
jog, but even so, my heart is taking its sweet time to
calm back down again.
<Page15>
...Arcueid wasn't even running all that fast.
In fact, I'd say that she ran  than usual, if
anything. I'm simply not in the best shape right now,
no doubt due to the lingering effects of yesterday's
bout of anemia.
<Page16>
"...You okay, Shiki? Why don't you take it easy and
rest on the bench?"
"...I will. Once my body's settled down, we're going to
the city, right, Arcueid?"
"Geez. I'm glad that you're so eager, but it's still
too early for that."
<Page17>
"Vampires don't tend to act recklessly unless it's done
on their own time. This was true of Vlov as well,
remember?
They won't be active until the night becomes darker, so
we have some time to kill."
<Page18>
"――――"
I would have appreciated her saying that earlier.
<Page19>
With nothing else to do, I sit on the bench and stare
at the clock.
The park's clock reads just past nine o'clock.
There are fewer and fewer people around, and the night
is getting darker by the minute.
<Page20>
Arcueid doesn't seem to feel like sitting down for
whatever reason, and is pacing around by the fountain
instead.
Everything is still, save for the hands of the clock#.
A silent night.
The shining moon illuminates both Arcueid and the empty
park around her.
<Page21>
"...The moonlight, huh..."
I think back to when I was attacked in front of the
Tohno mansion two nights ago.
If it had been this bright out back then, I might have
been able to make out that black shadow more clearly...
"Ah―――――――!"
With a sudden jolt, I leap up from the bench.
<Page22>
"Shiki?! What's wrong? Did you# see one of the Dead?!"#"No, it's not that―――#I forgot something incredibly
important."
<Page23>
I'm more scatterbrained than I thought.
I can't believe I was attacked on my way home and
completely forgot about it until now!
<Page24>
"Arcueid. I was attacked by a strange guy two nights
ago."
"Huh? What do you mean by 'strange guy'?"
"Well, that's――――"
I calm myself down and explain what happened two nights
ago in as much detail as I can.
<Page25>
"―――Well, that about wraps it up..."
After I finally finish explaining everything that
happened, I steal a glance at Arcueid's face to try and
get a read on her mood.
Her gaze has remained unyieldingly sharp from the
minute I started talking up until now.
<Page26>
"Are that black Dead and Noel-sensei―――you called
her an 'Executor'―――your enemies?"
"...I guess so. Both of them are enemies to me.
I don't know much about that black Dead, but I have a
good idea of who that woman in nun's clothing is."
Arcueid narrows her eyes in displeasure.
No, rather than displeasure, it's more like nervous
irritation.
<Page27>
"That person who saved you is certainly an Executor.
...Just to confirm, that person was there alone?"
"Y-Yeah. Noel-sensei was the only one there..."
Come to think of it, didn't she say that Executors
operate in groups of two?
<Page28>
"I see. Perhaps she acted on her own, or maybe there's
a reason the other one couldn't make their move...
It'll be a real pain if the other one is  .
If it really is her, she'll be able to locate the
coffin before I can... Perhaps I should get rid of her
first."
<Page29>
Her irritation has already reached an all-time high.
I couldn't say why, but it seems like she can't stand#
Noel-sensei's 'partner'.
I've felt her hostility, thirst for blood, and
intimidating aura at close range before, but it's
unusual for her to bare her hatred this openly. I
wonder if Arcueid and 'that woman' are just that
incompatible.
<Page30>
"I understand that you consider Noel-sensei to be your
enemy. She said the same of you as well.
But you two have the same objective, so wouldn't it be
better to cooperate?"
<Page31>
"...I suppose so. There are actually times when I've
lent a hand when the situation called for it.
But this time, that's not an option. I can't hand him
over to a human, and if that woman is the Executor,
I'll have to deal with her first."
<Page32>
"........."
Her attitude is utterly uncompromising.
I think it will be better to drop the idea of working
together with Noel-sensei.
<Page33>
"...Okay. So you won't cooperate with them.
If that's your stance on it, then I won't bring it up
again. I won't pry as to your reasons."
<Page34>
"Huh? ...R-Right.# Thanks.
...Shiki, aren't you being a bit too nice? You'd
normally be hounding me for answers at this point."
<Page35>
"It's because I know that you would hate it.
But your relationship with Noel-sensei and her
background are two different things. I need you to at
least explain to me what an Executor is."
<Page36>
"...You're right. I didn't tell you before because it
was unnecessary information at the time, but now that
it's come to this, I guess I have to."
<Page37>
"As I've explained before, Suzerains try to hide their
own existence. Even when they take lives, they deploy
various kinds of magecraft to prevent people from
noticing anything is out of the ordinary.
Do you know why this is the case?"
<Page38>
"To avoid attracting the attention of external enemies,
right? If they cause a scene, won't those
vampire-slaying specialists start descending on them?"
<Page39>
...Well, there's also the regular human police, but
vampires don't really see them as much of a threat.
The fight with Vlov really drove that point home.
The only things vampires are afraid of are other
monsters just like them.
<Page40>
"Right. Vampires have a natural enemy.
Even now, the power balance is in that enemy's favor.
On the side of that organization of killers.
The reason why vampires exploit humans behind closed
doors is for their own self-preservation. They don't
conceal their corpses because they're worried about
humans starting rumors, but because they hate being
sniffed out by their natural enemy."
<Page41>
"...So that's the kind of group that Noel...sensei is a
part of.
A natural enemy of vampires... I guess that's a whole
new class of monsters to worry about."
As a normal person, I'd really appreciate if it all
these outlandish creatures would stop intruding on my
life.
<Page42>
"What are you talking about? It's true that these
Executors are superhuman, but they're still humans
nonetheless.
The natural enemy of vampires... of Dead Apostles, is
simply you humans."
"―――Their natural enemies... are us?"
Even though we're helplessly slaughtered as food...?
<Page43>
"A long time ago, back in the infancy of the Common
Era.
Humans created organizations based on various kinds of
magecraft, occultism, and ritualism, and then began
eliminating non-human Paragons.
The most extreme of these is the Holy Church―――the
most prominent religion throughout Europe, whose name
literally means 'universal'. They've been waging a
comprehensive elimination of those who are not human
for a while now, but their hostility toward vampires is
on a whole other level."
<Page44>
"If you compare all the religions in the world, there
are none more hostile toward vampires than the Church.
They've become possessed. Far too fanatical. So much so
that even I don't want to get involved with them if
possible."
<Page45>
Arcueid breathes out a sigh of exasperation.
...But still. Despite what she just said, I get the
sense that she still has some sort of connection with
the Church.
If she didn't, she wouldn't have used words like 'if
possible'.
<Page46>
"And so, the one who saved you was a member of a group
that specializes in hunting heretics. Since they are
the ones carrying out the teachings of the Lord,
they're referred to as Executors.
They are exorcists that behave like assassins, careful
never to reveal themselves in the open, taking care of
any discrepancies in the Church by way of force rather
than law."
<Page47>
"......"
Exorcists. Priests who slay vampires...
It feels so fitting that I don't really have any
questions.
<Page48>
"Well,  Executors are no big deal.
Executors from the Burial Agency are a whole different
kettle of fish. Those people will do whatever it takes
in order to capture a Dead Apostle.
If the Executors deployed here had been theirs, this
city would have been wiped off the map before Vlov
could go out of control."
<Page49>
"That's worse than Vlov... Are these people really that
indiscriminate?"
"Yeah. If their opponent is a vampire, they have the
authority to do whatever they want. Cities targeted by
Dead Apostles are no different. Whether it's inhabited
by humans or not, if it's already been corrupted, then
they'll burn it to the ground all the same."
<Page50>
"The reason that Executor, Noel, hasn't done anything
until now is probably because she was waiting for a
chance to deal with me and the Dead Apostle at the same
time. After all, to the Burial Agency, any non-human
Paragon is 'evil' in and of itself."
After she finishes venting, Arcueid begins to pace
around the park.
<Page51>
"........."
It seems that things are starting to get complicated.
Arcueid is being targeted not only by her fellow
vampires, but by a group that's hostile toward
vampires.
<Page52>
"...What the hell.# Wouldn't that make Arcueid all on
her own?"
I watch Arcueid as she wanders around aimlessly.
Under the moonlight, that figure looks like a lost
child with no place left to go.
