<Page1>
"Don't―――"
My voice leaks out.
Staring up at the moon, I pull down my glasses and take
a look at the lines.
"―――fuck with me, goddamnit...!"
<Page2>
In one fell swoop, I kill two of the blades thrust into
the ground in front of me.
My thoughts are in complete disarray.
Her advancing fangs.
The scream I uttered.
The nonsense spewed by the outsiders.
She didn't deny any of it.
"You're sorry?―――You're acting like..."
If she's the one running away with that anguished face,
isn't that like admitting these people are right...?!
<Page3>
"Guess you're another who don't think shit through.
Could at least thank us before goin' after her, you
little shit."
"You..."
The boy who introduced himself as Mario didn't block my
way, but called me to a halt before I had a chance to
run off.
<Page4>
"Like I would ever thank you. If only... if only you
people hadn't shown up here, she'd never have gone off
like that!"
<Page5>
"Huh? Are you fuckin' serious? Or just desperate?
Whatever it is, go cool your head in that fountain over
there. Goin' around spewin' such blatant fuckin'
bullshit... Really think that's gonna be of any help to
her?"
"――――――"
<Page6>
At those unexpected words, my racing consciousness
comes to a standstill.
It must be a coincidence. What he said just now really
must've just been a coincidence. Even so, he has
correctly pointed out the harsh truth: I shouldn't tell
a lie that I can't even fool myself with.
As the boy said, doing so will hurt her, but more
importantly, hurt me.
<Page7>
"........."
Even though I want nothing more than to race after
Arcueid right now, I take a deep breath and calm myself
down a little.
<Page8>
"Yeah, true. It pains me to admit it, but you're right#.
Thanks... for rescuing me from Arcueid."
I put aside my distrust of Mario and bow my head.
<Page9>
"Good shit. Changed my mind: got somethin' I wantcha to
hear.
Nah, actually... got somethin' I wanna hear from .
Whatever, same shit. 'Ey, come with me."
<Page10>
Mario trudges over to the bench.
"――――――"
Taking a deep breath, I follow suit.
<Page11>
To tell the truth, I want to go after Arcueid right
away...
But I realize, deep inside, that doing so wouldn't
solve anything.
I get the feeling that this boy definitely knows what I
should be doing from here on.
<Page12>
"Um, Presbyter, sir? Shouldn't I come as well? I mean,
can I sit down and rest?"
"Kill yourself, fatass. Your job here's to keep me
safe. I'm the only one who gets to sit on the bench.
Tohno ain't exactly feelin' all too trustin' yet, so
you'd do best to stay on ya feet."
<Page13>
"......"
He saw right through me.
Just like Noel, this boy doesn't seem to fall under any
definition of normal.
<Page14>
"Alright then, first I'd like to confirm somethin'.
How much've you heard 'bout us?"
"You're vampire-slaying specialists, right? Arcueid
said that you're 'Executors of the Holy Church'."
<Page15>
"Gotcha. Then ya know enough. Means I don't gotta
explain as much.
See, I was only dispatched here recently, standin' in
for my father. Bein' real, I don't know most of what's
goin' in this country.
That dipshit over there got a bit of investigation in
before me, though. Not that anyone had given her the
go-ahead. If it wasn't for me, the dismissals wouldn't
have ended at just your master, fatass. Show some
fuckin' gratitude."
<Page16>
"Yeah, I'm really grateful ♡
I love the young master!#
...."
Mario-kun. She just clicked her tongue behind your
back.
<Page17>
"Our job's to eliminate vampires. But our target 
the True Ancestor―――Arcueid. She's an annoying-ass
competitor, but I ain't dumbass enough to fight
somethin' like her straight up.
Alright, so... did the princess ever tell you who the
vampire she's chasin' actually is?"
<Page18>
Mario's tone has changed ever so slightly.
It seems like there's more to this question than he's
letting on, but I can't read what his true intentions
are. I'll just have to play along for now.
<Page19>
"I know that his name is Roa, I guess.
He's a Suzerain-type vampire that's already been
lurking in this city for a couple of years."
<Page20>
"...I see, so that's all she ever told ya.
What a miss, in both senses of the word. You ain't got
a clue, and neither does the True Ancestor. Guess
that's why you're runnin' around all lost.
Man, the hell happened to her? I can't believe she's
this far off the mark. She get hit by a meteorite or
somethin'?"
<Page21>
"Well... Umm...
That'd probably be because I―――"
'murdered her.' I leave that part off.
<Page22>
"Whatever, got some reports sayin' some other big game
had shown up. Seemed a bit like bullshit so I'd been
puttin' it off, but maybe I'd better open an
investigation.
Alright, done with all I wanted to ask ya.
Now let's get to real stuff―――This is why I stopped
ya... I'll tell ya a bit 'bout that 'enemy' your dumb
ass wants to kill so bad."
<Page23>
"Wha-, Acting Presbyter, that's...!"
In the background, Noel-sensei has become visibly
flustered. It seems that this is highly classified
information.
<Page24>
Of course... this is intel that I desperately want.
Right now, I'm still clueless about what kind of
vampire Arcueid's enemy is.
<Page25>
"That would really help me out, but... Are you sure
it's okay for you to tell me, though?"
"'Course not. It's confidential.
But y'know, it kinda concerns you. Sure you ain't part
of our religion, but I believe in treatin' atheists
well. They eventually turn out to be important sources
of capital."
"T-That statement is in conflict with our doctrine! I'm
warning yoouuu!!"
"Shut it, I'll censor the sensitive bits.
Alright, guess it's time to give this rare accomplice
of the princess a lecture."
<Page26>
"So Tohno, you said it was one of those
traditional-type vampires, yeah?
Meanin', you've heard about these guys havin' an
imperfect kind of immortality."
"I did... Dead Apostles can't maintain their bodies
without sucking human blood. But on the other hand,
they can live forever without aging as long as they
continue to suck blood... right?"
<Page27>
"Right. But do you really think that's somethin' worthy
of bein' called 'immortality'? 'Immortality' makes ya
think about somethin' more perfect, right? Creatures
that gotta drink human blood to live, whose bodies fall
apart if they don't... that's  from perfect. Hell,
more so than even humans, y'know?"
<Page28>
"―――That's..."
It seems like splitting hairs, but he's not wrong.
There's no doubt that vampires outclass humans. But if
they can't live without sucking blood, then what makes
them different from any other living creature?
<Page29>
"Yeah... true enough.
It doesn't matter what kind of external factor it may
be, if it brings them death, they don't really qualify
as immortal."
<Page30>
"Damn, you pick things up real fast, don'tcha? How
'bout takin' a seat next to me? I like competent
people."
"I'm good, thanks...
But what does this have to do with anything? Despite
their flaws, vampires are still eternal... The fact
that they're immortal so long as they can obtain human
blood doesn't change.
Does this immortality stuff have anything to do with
Arcueid's enemy?"
<Page31>
"Right, still gettin' to that. Hold your horses.
Whatcha need to know is that the 'immortality' of these
vampires we classify as Dead Apostles is real
uncertain. These guys... their lifespans are just a
couple of times longer than humans, that's all."
"What do you mean 'that's all'? It's not just their
lifespan that's completely superhuman, but their
abilities too."
<Page32>
"Yeah, that's what I mean.
Dead Apostle abilities ain't nothin' more than some
skill they had when human that's been refined over a
few hundreds of years.
So even after turnin' Dead Apostle, they just keep
studyin' this thing they'd learned while human until it
becomes their Principle as a result."
"Principle...?"
<Page33>
"The Dead Apostle's thesis. Their life's purpose. Their
undying curse.
Their sole path toward attaining true immortality.
They call these Hemonomic Principles―――or Idea
Blood. Think about it like if your summer homework
wouldn't end even if ya spent all ya life on it."
<Page34>
"Everythin' Dead Apostles do is in service of these
Principles, though they all go about it differently,
'course. The truth they studied differs from individual
to individual, after all.
Alright, so: among those Dead Apostles, there was one
motherfucker who really fuckin' went at it studyin'
immortality..."
"Huh? You mean they were studying immortality even
though they'd already become immortal?"
<Page35>
"Yep. As soon as they turn vampire, Dead Apostles come
to realize that's as good as immortality gets for a
human.
But it seems that to this guy, that kinda felt like a
step back.
'I don't need this flawed excuse for immortality. I'll
create something even more perfect', or somethin' like
that."
<Page36>
"But as long as he has a , he will inevitably
perish. Nothing that exists on this earth is exempt
from the weight of time, the wearing down of cells, the
withering of the soul.
All life's got death sewn into it at inception. Even if
you got a body that don't age, as long as you exist,
your existential death is inescapable.
To escape from death would be the same as dyin'.
This fundamental contradiction is unsolvable, no matter
how hard you might try."
<Page37>
"I guess so... Death is the same for everyone.
If there was someone who could escape that, then―――"
It would be someone for whom 'death' had never existed.
Even Arcueid had signs of death during the day. It
shouldn't be possible for there to be someone who can't
die.
<Page38>
"Yeah. Existential death is inescapable.
So, instead of a method that prolonged his own life, he
set his sights on a method that could continue his own
existence,   .
He realized that's what immortality's really all about.
Not a part of our doctrine, but it's kinda like that
reincarnation thing.
 So even if he was to die, if he
could start anew as someone else while keepin' himself
intact, he would remain one step ahead of death.
Though I guess ya couldn't call it death if he doesn't
disappear. Maybe sayin' he's one step ahead of death
was a bit too much."
<Page39>
"Reincarnation―――So in other words, when he's done
with his current body, he'll start over again as a
fetus...?"
<Page40>
"That's right. He uses the time while he's alive to
decide on his next body, and transplants the entirety
of the information that makes up his 'self' into that
baby when it's born.
This 'information' remains hidden 'til the child either
reaches adulthood or becomes intelligent in its own
right.
Once the child has developed a suitable level of
intelligence, it's fit for him to take over, and will
turn into a vampire."
<Page41>
"―――Hold on a second.
How does that work? Don't tell me he's performing
surgery on the baby while it's still in the womb?"
<Page42>
"Nope. No medical procedures used here. As soon as his
current body perishes, he reincarnates into the new
body that he's decided on beforehand. Kinda like he's
copyin' himself. I called it 'information' earlier, but
it's more like electromagnetic waves.
Except in this case, it's the human brain doin' the
transmitting and receiving of those waves. What's
amazing about him is that he took something as
unquantifiable as the soul, something which evaporates
without the body to contain it, and turned it into
somethin' transmittable."
<Page43>
"........."
Leaving aside whether something like that is truly
possible or not...
By that logic, that guy is born as a human,
gets raised as one, and then one day, a switch is
flipped and he becomes someone else entirely―――A
'vampire'.
That is―――
<Page44>
"Mario... In other words, that's our guy, right?"
"Yeah, exactly.
That's the vampire that we, the Holy Church, and the
Princess of the True Ancestors are after.
He was formerly named Michael Roa Valdamjong.
Now he is the Dead Apostle known as the  
, or the  .
'Cause snakes are symbols of infinity, of cycles. That
kinda nickname fits perfectly given he basically
'sheds' his ol' body and gets a new one."
<Page45>
"So that's Arcueid's enemy―――"
...A reincarnating vampire.
Hearing those words sends chills through my body, but
at long last, I understand the true nature of the enemy
that Arcueid was loathe to speak of.
<Page46>
"But here's the real issue.
Originally, the princess was a tool for killin'
vampires, but ever since Roa popped up, she's been
persistently chasin' after him, and him alone.
To date, Roa's reincarnated sixteen times.
And each and every time he has, the True Ancestor's
exterminated him."
<Page47>
"She's exterminated him every time... but even if he
dies, he still gets reborn, right...? In that case,
there's no point in defeating him."
<Page48>
"Right. Roa gets killed by the True Ancestor,
reincarnates, and then gets killed again. This kinda
pattern's repeated itself over and over again.
In fact, it's been happenin' for 800 years.
If that princess had the power to eliminate not just
the opponent's , but their  too, then that
fuckin' bastard wouldn't be able to roam around
unchecked.#"
<Page49>
Mario's words are dripping with hate.
Maybe it's just my imagination, but it seems like he's
got some beef with Roa too.
<Page50>
"Is that all you had to say?
If so―――"
"Hold up, Tohno.# So far everything's been a freebie.
There's this whole thing 'bout hearin' the good news or
the bad news first, yeah?
And obviously, all I've said so far has been good news
for you. Learned a lot, right?"
<Page51>
"Yeah... I'm grateful for the information about Roa.
But..."
For some reason―――
I get the feeling that I mustn't hear what he's about
to say next.
<Page52>
"Just gonna be lil bit more. C'mon, just listen.
The problem with Roa is that it's real difficult to
detect him.
That's 'cause he's born as a fully-fledged human child,
to ordinary human parents."
<Page53>
"Roa'll only transform his body and consciousness into
that of a vampire when he's old enough to adequately
act on his own.
And so, there are no outward indications that the 
in question's a vampire. Once Roa awakens, he utilizes
the relationships he's cultivated up to that point to
seamlessly blend in with society.
By the time the Church notices anything out of the
ordinary, it's already too late. Nothin' will be left
of the city but a ghost town."
<Page54>
"――――――――"
I don't know what to say...
What he said was... awful―――I felt afraid just
listening to him.
<Page55>
"What's up, Tohno? Looking kinda pale there."
"Well... isn't that odd? I don't really get it, but
that didn't sound right.
They were human when they were born, right? Even if
some personality from a previous life were to awaken,
wouldn't the body still be human...?"
<Page56>
"Real sorry, but that's a no. See, the thing that's
reincarnating's not his personality, but his soul.
When someone has their blood sucked by a True Ancestor,
it's not just their body that's contaminated, but their
soul as well.
Roa passes on the information that makes up his soul to
his 'next self' in its entirety.
So even if you're born human, your body'll transform
into a vampire once Roa awakens. But―――"
"But... what?"
<Page57>
"Kinda like you said, he'd be pretty weak if that was
all.
If the body that Roa reincarnates into is mediocre,
then that generation of Roa will make for a useless-ass
vampire.
Which is why during the time he's alive,# Roa decides on
where to reincarnate next.
He's got two criteria for that decision.
First one's that they gotta be wealthy. Lot easier to
turn a whole city into vampires when you start off as
the kid of some family with high status and wealth."
<Page58>
"And then there's the other one. This one's the real
key. Even among humans, some people've got special
powers.
And I ain't talkin' about arcana you gain by studyin'
like magecraft, I'm talkin' about special abilities
present in the body from the moment you're born.
They tend to be discriminated against―――branded as
'psychics' or 'changelings'.
Special abilities like these are physiological, so
they're passed down through the family―――through
their bloodline. Roa tends to pick members of these
kinda 'non-human' families for his new body."
<Page59>
"Families that are both rich and renowned while
carryin' superhuman powers within.
That's the kinda criteria he considers before
reincarnating, so――
You see where I'm going with this,  Shiki-kun?"
<Page60>
"――――――"
I feel faint.
Mario's lips are curled in a grin.
Noel stares at me coldly.
There's only one family in this city that meets those
criteria.
<Page61>
"――"
I hear a hoarse noise.
" ."
The hoarse noise is coming from me.
<Page62>
"What are you guys saying...?
Are you suggesting that either Akiha or I must be a
vampire?"
"No, his reincarnation this time is male. We have
evidence of that. There's no doubt that this
generation's Roa is the eldest son of the Tohno
family."
―――I don't understand.
I don't understand a single thing that she's talking
about.
<Page63>
Is she saying that I'm Arcueid's enemy...?
That can't possibly be true. If it were, why wouldn't
Arcueid have killed me already―――
<Page64>
"Well, that's 'cause until Roa's consciousness emerges,
they're still human.
Still―――seems things weren't as we thought.
This dipshit's report's wrong. You ain't Roa's
reincarnation. The Serpent of Akasha is someone else."
<Page65>
"―――Excuse me?"
Wait... hold on a minute.
He went through that whole elaborate explanation and
now he's saying that it's  me...?
<Page66>
"Huh?! D-Did you even read our report, you little
brat?! Do you have any idea how long it took us to
conduct this investigation?!
We're already 100% certain that Tohno Shiki is Roa!"
<Page67>
"100% you say? Then somethin' bout the premise was off,
you lousy leech. I'm the infamous 'Peoplemaster' and
prized son of Cardinal Laurentis, remember? I ain't
outdone by either you, or your master when it comes to
judging people for who they are."
<Page68>
"Why'd you think I even questioned him in the first
place? I can get a handle on a person's mind by talkin'
with 'em for just ten minutes.
This guy... I can't deny he's kinda unhinged, but he's
a decent human all the same.
Someone imprinted with a vampire's soul wouldn't have
had such a pathetic response."
<Page69>
"――――――"
You mean this long conversation was his way of
determining whether or not I was Roa...?
Well, I'm glad that he doesn't find me suspicious
anymore―――but I'm only getting more confused about
the boy's character.
<Page70>
"So... this means...?"
"Means we got no right to do anythin' to ya.
Still, not a complete waste of time. Fact still remains
that Roa and you are related in some way."
<Page71>
The young boy shrugs his shoulders in disappointment
and gets up from the bench.
His manner suggests that he no longer has any interest
in me or my fate.
<Page72>
"Ah? What, get fuckin' goin' already. Sorry for gettin'
in the way of your love life. Gonna go after that
vampire, right? That True Ancestor's a bloodthirsty
bundle of destructive urges right about now, but at
least her reason's still there. Normally not in the
business of recommendin' suicide, but, well, I ain't
gonna stop ya."
<Page73>
"A-Are you actually serious, Acting Presbyter?! You're
allowing another person to fall victim to a vampire
right under our nose...?! Even if we're to assume he's
not Roa, we should at least be protecting him!
That goes for you too, Shiki-kun! Do you not realize
that monster's true nature, even after she almost bit
you earlier?!"
<Page74>
Noel blocks my path, her hostility plain to see.
She must have her reasons for being so opposed to
vampires...
But whatever they are, I don't care to know them.
Just as she has her own unyielding beliefs, I have a
person I need to catch up to no matter what.
<Page75>
"I could say the same to you.
We were just... joking around earlier. She doesn't suck
blood, she's a good vampire."
<Page76>
"You're saying she's good just because she doesn't kill
people...?
Don't be ridiculous. Vampires are an evil to humans no
matter what.
In fact, if you want to see yourself as human, then you
have to classify the framework of vampires itself as
evil.
―――People who can't do that have no right to call
themselves human."
<Page77>
"And if you're not human, you're a target for me to
eliminate.
Think carefully before you answer.
Where exactly do you intend to go from here?"
<Page78>
Her voice presses me to choose between life and
death...
If I say that I'm going after Arcueid, this woman will
actually try to cut my head off.
<Page79>
I'll―――
C:> ...Go after Arcueid.
C:> ...Make no excuses, and ready my knife.
