<Page1>
"Now then."
We can't stay in this classroom forever.
I think it's about time to leave. There might not be
anyone else around right now, but there's still a
chance that the teacher on duty will return.
<Page2>
"Come on, let's get going. There's nothing left to do
here, right?"
"Yeah, there isn't, but... Shiki?"
<Page3>
I glance over at her.
Arcueid holds her tongue for a moment before asking me
something peculiar.
<Page4>
"Is there anything you find fun?"
"...Do you have a fever today, dear Princess?"
<Page5>
"Don't make fun of me. I know a little bit about your
body. You understand what I mean, right?
With a body like that, it wouldn't be surprising if you
dropped dead at any moment."
<Page6>
"――――――"
I grit my teeth at the sudden, serious line of
questioning.
―――They make a grinding sound.
It feels like the scar on my chest is wriggling around.
<Page7>
"Well... all humans die at some point."
"But in your case, you'll die sooner than most."
<Page8>
Arcueid has a serious look in her eyes.
Everyone has lines of death on them, though. That's
plenty of places where they could easily die.
I'm not―――the only person whose body can fall apart
that easily.
<Page9>
"I'm not really sure why, but when I look at you...
sometimes... I feel afraid. So... please answer me.
Are there still times that you can feel happy, in spite
of the fact that your existence is so precarious,
Shiki?"
Do I ever feel happy?
Ah, this woman really is―――
"―――You really are an idiot, aren't you?
There's no way that I would know that, right?"
<Page10>
There's no way# that I would know whether my own life is
enjoyable or not.
An exemplary sense of justice. Morals deemed acceptable
by society. A nature that values harmony.
These are all values given to me by Sensei. As rules
for how to live, they're so convenient and all-purpose
that I've continued to exist by them all this time.
I am, at my core, a savage.
I've never understood these nebulous philosophical
conversations.
<Page11>
...But there is one thing that I can say for certain#.
Seven years ago, I was on the verge of death. As part
of my treatment, I was operated on at the hospital
where I had been taken. During that brief period, I
felt like I was in a place wrapped in complete
darkness.
<Page12>
I guess you could call it a dream.
At the time, I felt like I was dead. Like that dark
place was just what being dead was like.
After that, I was miraculously saved, ran into Sensei,
and returned to my normal life. For all of that, I hold
a deep, everlasting gratitude.
<Page13>
I hadn't realized until I had died―――
That the world was such a peaceful and beautiful place.
Even if my eyes try to deny all those feelings.
<Page14>
I don't know whether living in this world is fun or
not.
Seems unlikely it'd be that way for my whole life.
As long as I have these eyes, I cannot allow myself to
treat death lightly.
<Page15>
―――But even so, life is beautiful.
There are many people who say they can't find anything
fun in their lives.
Human existence itself can be enjoyable; I think I knew
that long ago. I'm sure that every single day was
filled with bliss before I had the accident, even if
that's in the distant past now.
That's why I continue to live like this even when I'm
shown how pointless everything is.
<Page16>
I'm not human anymore.
Thinking about proper morals, proper values, and the
truth is difficult. Tohno Shiki lost his concept of
'fun' long ago.
Even now, if you were to ask me if I'm enjoying life,
unless something truly heinous is happening, I'd tell
you that I am.
<Page17>
No matter how much despair I feel, I'm content simply
existing.
This is not something that needs to be taught.
Just being here like this is enough to give human
existence meaning.
<Page18>
"―――But you know, isn't it fun to just be alive?
Everything until now has been fun, so I'm inclined to
keep on with it. I'm sure that's the right choice.
...Well, if I had to answer your question, I guess I'd
say something like that."
<Page19>
I may have given her an answer, but I'm still a little
embarrassed by it.
After all, it's the answer of someone who's only been
alive for a mere seventeen years. I'm probably wrong.
And yet, the woman in front of me says―――
<Page20>
"I see. So that's what your heart tells you.
...It's fun just being alive, huh.
That's right. Even if you know it's unnecessary, you
wouldn't want to throw away something that's fun, would
you?
...I was afraid that you might, and ended up asking you
a foolish question, but I think I'm happy with that
answer."
With an unmatched smile, she affirms the beliefs I hold
in my immature heart.
<Page21>
"―――What? Are you still hung up about that stuff
from earlier?"
<Page22>
"Yeah, but those ill feelings are gone for now.
That's why I won't lose my way until I defeat the
vampire that lurks in this city. Until then, I'll fight
alongside you."
'Isn't that right?', nods Arcueid, smiling.
<Page23>
"――――"
Until we defeat the vampire, huh.
"...Yeah, that's right.
That's the kind of relationship we have."
Today felt like such an ordinary day.
I guess that's why I forgot such a fundamental fact.
<Page24>
"Hey, Arcueid.
After everything is over... when we finally defeat this
vampire...
Before we part ways, can we hang out together like this
one last time?"
"Hm? What do you mean?"
<Page25>
"I'm saying that once you've completed your objective,
we should do pointless things like this again.
In the end, we're only here together now because we're
cooperating. I was just wondering if once we're truly
done with our duties we could meet again, without there
having to be a reason for it."
<Page26>
More than that―――
I want us to meet casually, as friends who enjoy each
other's company, leaving behind all thoughts of
vampires and the like.
I just thought that if we created normal memories
together, then she would definitely be happy. That's
all.
<Page27>
"...Well, if you don't have the time for that, it's
okay."
I say the exact opposite of what's on my mind.
After Arcueid opens her eyes wide in surprise―――
<Page28>
"Of course―――!
Let's come here again after everything is over, Shiki!
Even if there's no reason, I'm sure it'll be super
fun...!"
<Page29>
With a radiant smile, Arcueid buoyantly solidifies the
promise.
<Page30>
The classroom at sunset.
In the midst of these hues that seem detached from time
itself, that image is implanted in my memory as the
most important thing of all.
