<Page1>
"Well, I understand where you're coming from.
Those flames are definitely a problem, and Vlov himself
is powerful enough to be considered worthy of the title
'Suzerain'.
If I'd had even the slightest bit of information on
him, it might've been enough to make up for the
difference in strength..."
<Page2>
"Are you telling me that you don't know who he is?"
Even though you came all the way here to kill this
'Suzerain'?
<Page3>
"I'm not actually acquainted with any other vampires.
Whenever I cross paths with another vampire, mortal
combat ensues. Cases like this one, where we parted
ways after coming face to face, are incredibly rare."
"Hmm... It seemed like he knew a lot about you though."
<Page4>
"We've never met. I'm well known among vampires, so he
just happens to know who I am. The same goes for the
other vampires, none of us are particularly
well-acquainted.
But we do know each other's names and identities. It's
only natural that the more power we possess and the
longer our histories, the more our names become known,
right?"
<Page5>
"But Vlov is the opposite. He is young blood who hasn't
even been granted an epitaph yet. I'd say that he's
only been an Ancestor for around 200 years or so."
<Page6>
"There's that word again. What exactly do you mean by
?"
"Hmm, well, they're like kings among vampires, I guess.
You don't have to worry about them though, Shiki."
"Don't I? Isn't this 'Suzerain' guy one of them?
He's like the ruler controlling those zombies."
<Page7>
"Suzerains and Ancestors aren't necessarily the same.
The more powerful a Dead Apostle is, the easier it is
for them to become a Suzerain, which is more akin to a
local ruler.
Ancestors are above that... They can churn out those
feudal lords with ease; they're a higher class of
vampire."
<Page8>
"The world of Dead Apostles is divided into
twenty-seven major powers. You can think of it as
twenty-seven different countries.
Those who rule those countries, or could be considered
a country in their own right, are the ancient vampires
known as 'Ancestors'. They are the ones who stand on
top of the Dead Apostles."
<Page9>
Twenty-seven countries and their kings...
I see. If vampires exist, it's only natural that they'd
have their own countries and their own power
struggles... Wait―――
<Page10>
"Hold on. Doesn't that make him a  strong
opponent!?"
<Page11>
"Well, yeah.
Vlov may still be a novice, but that doesn't make him
any less of a walking disaster in the eyes of you
humans."
<Page12>
"Consider what happened at the hotel yesterday. All he
did was move from the first floor to the top floor. He
didn't go in there with the intent to kill anybody, he
simply has no regard for human life whatsoever.
But his presence alone is enough to kill a person.
Those flames are like a curse he manifests merely by
existing."
<Page13>
"Wha―――"
What the hell?
Killing humans just by existing?
Humans don't matter to him?
Then that tragedy at the hotel...
"Did all of that only happen... because we fled to the
hotel...?"
<Page14>
"Yes. Vlov came because that's where I was."
Arcueid confirms it.
Although Vlov was the one that killed those people, we
were the ones that called down that disaster.
<Page15>
"........."
It would be easy to say 'It's all your fault' and blame
everything on Arcueid. That would be the right thing to
do as a human being. After all, she doesn't give a damn
about human life. In that regard, she's a monster just
like Vlov.
But... who was responsible for her fleeing to that
hotel in the first place?
<Page16>
'It's all your fault'...?
Yeah, that's exactly right.
The disaster that befell the guests at the hotel.
The suffering that Arcueid had to endure.
All of the blame lies with me, the one who killed
her―――
<Page17>
"Shiki. Don't make the same mistake twice.
It's only natural for the weak to fall before the
strong.
Their deaths are the fault of the entire human race,
which has somehow evolved to the point of being unable
to defend themselves.
If a human kills another human, that would certainly be
considered a crime in human society. But this is a part
of natural selection between humans and nonhumans. It
would be arrogant to hold yourself personally
responsible."
<Page18>
"Me? Arrogant...?"
<Page19>
"Yes. Although, it might be a different story if you
were some representative of humanity.
Consider this story for example.
Suppose there was a community of carnivores in the
remote mountains. Their diet also included humans. Then
one day, humans, completely unaware of that fact, came
and wiped them all out for their own purposes."
<Page20>
"In this case, who do you say the blame lies with?
The carnivores who couldn't defend themselves against
the humans?
Or the humans who slaughtered them all?"
<Page21>
"―――That's―――"
My thoughts of self-loathing come to a halt.
Arcueid made that analogy not out of concern for me,
but rather, as an expression of disdain.
The place of sin. The weight of a life. She's
denouncing the hypocrisy of people like me who cannot
help but reflect on these things.
<Page22>
That's what she was trying to say.
Neither man nor beast bear a sin.
In the natural world―――
The only absolute evil is a species that cannot
preserve its own life.
<Page23>
"But... this is..."
This is a society of humans. A city of humans.
This isn't a matter of humans being too weak or
vampires being too strong.
<Page24>
People form cities because it's too difficult to
survive on their own; they are a defense mechanism to
protect the individual through the power of the
collective.
I think that summoning a vampire to a place like that
is something that I have to answer for, after all―――
<Page25>
"I see... It seems I was mistaken as well.
You're definitely not the kind of person who can get
used to cold-blooded murder."
"What's that supposed to mean?
Are you telling me that I'm soft?"
<Page26>
"Something more fundamental than that. Let me make
myself clear.
Shiki, what are you going to do from here?
Are you going to fight that vampire? Or are you going
to run away?
Choose the path you want. I won't force you anymore.
You fulfilled your promise to watch over me yesterday."
<Page27>
What am I... going to do...?
That's obvious―――
<Page28>
"But you have to be prepared. To fight a vampire is to
step outside the boundaries of humanity.
No matter how many humans are sacrificed, you need to
be able to detach yourself. Otherwise, you will
definitely fail.
If you think that is wrong, then go back to the normal
life you led before yesterday. Because that's the best
way for a human to live."
<Page29>
Arcueid's eyes bore into me.
