<Page1>
"... ...!"
The man wakes up in excruciating pain.
<Page2>
Deafening agony.
A clashing sound, like scraps of metal in a blender.
At his unearthly screams―――
Even his followers tremble in fear.
<Page3>
"――― ―――!"
He thrashes, flails, and lashes out at his
surroundings, yet the pain does not disappear from his
consciousness.
<Page4>
The skin on his fingertips has been torn to shreds.
Acid oozes from the core of his bones, melting his body
from the inside out.
Every few minutes his heart becomes necrotic, and each
time it regenerates, the pain reappears along with it.
<Page5>
This torture will never end as long as he lives.
His only release would be death.
But even that salvation was lost long ago.
<Page6>
"――― ――― ―――"
He no longer remembers why he parted ways with death.
Nor when exactly death became so far away.
Only agony remains. Cold. Painful. Hot. Frightening.
All that remains in his mind are those bestial screams.
<Page7>
He recalls that he came to this land in order to chase
something. In order to kill.
He left his beloved <mistresses|b e l o n g i n g s    > behind in his territory
and crossed that vast expanse of ocean.
This was his last chance.
He resolved to take everything back, knowing this was
it.
<Page8>
But what exactly was it that made this his last chance?
Was it his mind, with his sanity eroding day by day?
Was it his body, the curse within it growing day by
day?
Or is this penance for the crimes he committed in days
gone by?
<Page9>
He can no longer recall. He has already forgotten so
much.
But if he came here for the purpose of regaining his
sanity, then it is far too late.
He lost his mind long ago. He can no longer return to
the way he once was.
When he crossed the ocean, most of his accumulated
fortune was washed away. He can no longer return to his
homeland. He has no means to survive other than to
claim this ground as his own.
<Page10>
"―――   ――――――!"
It doesn't matter. Nothing that led to this matters.
In this moment, all he craves is blood.
<Page11>
His throat is freezing. His skin is parched. His soul
is starving.
He needs warm blood as soon as possible.
He wants to bathe in human blood as soon as he can.
Such trifling questions as 'where am I?' and 'what am I
doing?' are drowned out by the desire for blood that
burns in his heart.
<Page12>
He walks through the darkness.
Marching with the Dead in tow.
He exits the vertically moving box and crawls out onto
the sunbathed ground above.
As he does so―――
The blue flames spread like encroaching water.
<Page13>
Not a single <creature|h u m a n   > senses the danger that now dyes
the land.
Even as the man, shrouded in blue mist, wanders into
the crosswalk against the light and is hit by a van.
Even as the Ghouls that accompanied him grab
pedestrians by the shoulders, push them to the ground,
and the grisly sounds of their feasting begin to fill
the air.
<Page14>
Even as the people raise their voices in shock, none of
them give it their all to run away.
By the time they realize that this isn't just someone
else's problem, that this bizarre spectacle is bearing
down on them as well, they have already lost their
chance to escape.
<Page15>
The van that  run the man over is instead
split in two upon impact.
In less than a minute, the pedestrians who had been
pushed down by the Ghouls become nothing more than
leftovers.
The flames that have already spread throughout the area
burn the legs of the people attempting to flee,
reducing them to nothing more than a crawling meal.
It is the beginning of pandemonium.
<Page16>
"――――――Why?"
In the midst of it all, a faint sense of reason stirs
in his brain.
The dazzling light makes him squint.
His thoughts, smeared with pain―――
Begin to spin with exceeding discomfort.
<Page17>
"Why is this city... so bright?
Filth is something that must be hidden.
Is it a custom of this land to create such a deliberate
spectacle?"
<Page18>
An abundance of <fruit|h u m a n s   > lies before his eyes.
Normally he would disembowel and drain them dry with
joy, but that urge does not spring forth.
The man roars, as if to say 'Even if this place is full
of humans, can it really be called a fertile land?'
<Page19>
"There are humans aplenty. Blood shall not be an
issue."
A blue flame sweeps over the Dead.
In the blink of an eye, the Ghouls are engulfed by
flame, transforming their bodies.
The blazing Dead are driven by fire.
Their abilities are elevated, but their bodies will be
reduced to ash before long.
<Page20>
"However, I am not interested in the blood of these
swine."
His visceral disgust only intensifies his curse.
Blue flames that only burn living beings flood the
street.
A river of flame gushes forth and begins to flow.
<Page21>
"In the end, it's all meaningless."
He crushes the flame-grilled fruit beneath his foot and
accepts the gushing blood shamefully.
Even if it's the equivalent of being bathed in vomit,
he must accept it.
He curses his own misfortune. He can't even move
without bathing himself in this vomit.
"All of this radiance, and all of this prosperity, it
means nothing to me."
<Page22>
He continues his march, bringing along the burning and
crumbling corpses with him.
He does not remember his ultimate goal―――
But until he can, there is only one thing left for him
to do.
He comes to the realization that this endeavor was
worthwhile after all.
'Suffer and die', he laughs.
A gluttonous city like this deserves an unsightly end.
