<Page1>
"I see. In that case, I won't say anything.
I'm glad that you've decided to fight by my side. After
all, with you around, we'll definitely be able to
'kill' Vlov with a single strike."
<Page2>
"...No, I can't see how that would work.
He radiates way too much heat. I won't even be able to
get close to him.
And besides, how are we going to find him in the first
place?"
<Page3>
"Find him... you really are extreme, aren't you? You've
only just chosen to stand your ground, and now you want
to go on the offensive."
"H-Hey, I was just thinking out loud! I don't want to
hear that from the queen of extremity herself."
<Page4>
"I'm just more focused on efficiency.
Well, whatever... Just so you know, it's going to be a
war of attrition from here on out.
The safest strategy right now is for us to stay on the
run, at least until I regain some of my strength.
After three days, my Lifescale will be back to around
30% of its original level. That should be enough for me
to defeat Vlov on my own."
<Page5>
"Three days...? But, that means―――"
"Yeah. For those three days, Vlov will go completely
unchecked. He'll go into hiding and feed on humans in
order to replenish his supply of blood... no, that's
not all. Judging by the state he's in, he might even
roam the streets at night.
He's not in his right mind after all. I don't think he
understands that the Church will come after him if he
doesn't lie low."
<Page6>
"I can't allow that. He's a monster that leaves a trail
of flames anywhere he goes! We can't just let him roam
freely, not even for a single day!"
<Page7>
"Then our only choice is to find and kill Vlov during
the day.
But I'm against it. I have a rough idea of where he is,
but there's nothing more cautious than a Dead Apostle
in slumber. If we head there as we are right now,
there's a high chance we'll just end up getting killed
instead."
<Page8>
"No way. Even though you've figured out where he is,
you're just going to turn a blind eye...?"
"Yeah. Like I said, it doesn't matter to me how many
humans end up falling prey to Vlov."
<Page9>
I'm speechless...
I get where she's coming from.
If we want to play it safe... no, if we want to be
completely certain of our victory, the best choice
would be to wait for Arcueid to regain her strength.
<Page10>
But it's a tradeoff... The more time that we waste
here, the more the victims will continue to pile up.
I should――――
C:> ...Search for Vlov right away.
C:> ...Stay here until nightfall, at least.
