<Page1>
A few hours have passed since the massive fire in front
of the station.
When it first broke out, firefighters on the scene
reported it would take two days to extinguish due to
the intensity of the blaze, but it slowed down before
midnight and was extinguished soon after.
'It went out all by itself! Like it was a living
thing', said a policeman at the scene.
<Page2>
"The traffic restrictions from here up to Route 305
will be lifted by five o'clock tomorrow morning.
The highways lifted their restrictions a little while
ago.
We have also disposed of any remaining traces of the
Dead Apostles that were at the scene.
Shall we head to the Metropolitan Police Department,
Mario-sama?"
<Page3>
"Don't really wanna, but got no choice. We don't get
these kinda commotions goin' on too often, even back
home.
Ain't gonna be able to solve this just by namedropping
the ol' man. Sometimes I've gotta get out there myself
and show I mean fuckin' well, y'know?"
<Page4>
"In that case, allow me to accompany you.
Would you like to delegate command of the scene to the
Executors we discussed before?"
<Page5>
"Oh yeah, those fuckers who were doin' an undercover
investigation for whatever reason.
They went at it as a two-man cell, yeah? Call the
second-stringer of 'em over to my hotel and have her
stay put. See if I can get some use outta her.
Send the other back home as fast as you fuckin' can.
Bother Seonator enough about it and he'll deal with it
right quick."
<Page6>
"As you command. I will send a letter of protest to
Presbyter Noi under the name of Laurentis-sama."
"Alright, guess our job's just about done then.
Don't really matter who we'll get to clean up the
scene, but...
'EY, ANDOU!"
<Page7>
"Yo, did you call for me, young master?
Man, I just got assigned too. This really isn't my day.
It'd be far-fetched to just write this off as some kind
of gas explosion. Should we get some terrorist
organization to make a statement?"
<Page8>
"That ain't gonna be needed. We can just force this
plot's owner into takin' care of the public stuff.
They'll come clean if we keep at it.
 job's to retrieve the stuff that's too dangerous
for us to leave here. Already mopped up most of the
Dead Apostle's traces, but I ain't satisfied with how
the casualties been treated. Get fuckin' to it."
<Page9>
"Sure, no prob...# wait, hold on, that battalion that
you always keep with you still hasn't entered the
country, right?
So... I'm supposed to do this alone? Check every single
corpse? To locate a bunch of 'half-turned' people who
might be infected?"
<Page10>
"You ain't just gonna locate 'em. You also gotta send
the live ones to the Church, and kill the dead ones all
over again."
<Page11>
". I asked you to hire me because I hate doing that
kinda dirty work, you know?"
"Get to it. I'll get the folks at the morgue cleared
out. You can get this shit done before dawn."
<Page12>
"Well, I guess all I gotta do is pull the trigger on
some stationary targets. Long as I completely ignore
the emotional toll it's gonna take on me, that is."
<Page13>
"Get the car goin', Karius.# Gonna go make the rounds at
the authorities."
"Yes, right away.
Are there any other arrangements that need to be made?
For a contamination of this scale, I can request for
some immediate assistance―"
<Page14>
"Ain't necessary. In fact, don't you fucking dare
report this. Gonna take care of this shit 'n make sure
it stays here.
For now we'll just gather info. I mean we  the good
guys, right? Can't let the casualties pile up for no
reason.
We've gotta make reeeaaal sure 'bout who our enemy is,
and who'll get in the way."
<Page15>
[Work in progress]"...I guess we'll just have to run."
