<Page1>
I'll have Professor Arach take care of me.
I still don't know what kind of person she is, but
since she wears a white lab coat, I'm pretty sure that
she's a doctor.
<Page2>
"Understood. I'll let Arach-sensei know that you're
looking for her, so please wait for her in your room
once you are done with breakfast.
Arach-sensei may be somewhat unpredictable, but there's
no denying her skills as a doctor. You'll run into her
fairly frequently now that you live here, so please
make use of this opportunity to get to know her
better."
<Page3>
Akiha's voice is matter-of-fact.
It's as though she were simply delivering a message.
...Now then.
My first priority is breakfast, but once that's dealt
with, I'll go and get myself looked at.
<Page4>
I pass the time in my room by idly leafing through some
paperbacks.
A little before ten o'clock, I look out the window and
catch sight of a figure in a white lab coat strutting
down the hallway.
Looks like she's here, so I put down the book I was
reading.
At the same time―――
<Page5>
"Hiiii, good mooooorning!
So you want me to play with your body first thing in
the morning?# Shiki-chan, so leeewd!# I wonder, am I
nothing but a plaything to you, overcome as you are by
a fugue of pubescent desires bubbling away like stew on
the stove?"
<Page6>
Without even knocking, this raving lunatic barges into
my room, gaudy bag in hand.
I wish I had asked for Kohaku-san instead.
<Page7>
"I'm terribly sorry. It seems that I chose the wrong
person to ask for help, so can I ask you to leave?"
"Ahh, kidding, kidding. Except I'm totally serious.
It's been a while since I've examined anyone from
outside the mansion, so I wasn't sure how familiar to
be with my new patient. I was thinking about what might
suit you, and figured a frank greeting would be best,
you know?"
<Page8>
Arach-shi has already made her way over to the bed,
babbling all the while. That flashy strut, as though
she's headed down the catwalk... Her chest and hips
swaying far more than is necessary... And yet, I can't
make out the sound of her footsteps at all. She has the
soft and stealthy footwork of a ninja.
<Page9>
You wouldn't have guessed that she'd been loudly
clattering around in her high heels earlier. I suppose
that for the medical exam she opted to tone it down a
notch.
<Page10>
"Okaaay, show me where it hurts. Come on, whip it out
already. You know what, just strip for me! C'mon c'mon,
I can't hold back my curiosity much longer! If you take
too long, I'll just gobble you up ♡"
"You're... not drunk, are you?"
<Page11>
"Hm? I haven't drunk anything. I'll have you know I'm
sober 24/7. I never touch alcohol, the only drink for
me is hot chocolate. A nice hot choccy."
...She's right. I don't smell any alcohol.
I guess this level of energy is just par for the course
with her.
<Page12>
", so you're going to be obedient and let me see?
But are you really going to stop after just rolling up
the hem? What about your pants? Aren't you going to
strip down to your underwear? A man's naked body only
stays beautiful until they're twenty-five at most, it
would be a waste if you didn't get in the habit of
showing it off while you still can!"
"It's fine, so just hurry up and examine me, professor.
Even my patience has a limit."
<Page13>
"Did you just say 'professor'? Hey, did you just call
me 'professor'? So I do look like one, right?!"
"...Well. You are wearing a lab coat, and like, you
know..."
You could say that she's the embodiment of a
scientist―――a mad one at that.
<Page14>
"Lovely. Lovely like Lady Godiva. Right, time to get a
little serious."
<Page15>
Professor Arach takes a seat and palpates my legs.
...It was a strange sensation.
It didn't feel as though her fingers were tracing my
skin so much as gently lapping against it. There was a
rhythmic thumping that resonated throughout my body,
but I didn't feel any pain at all.
It's as though she was scanning me with the sonar of a
submarine.
<Page16>
"Oh dear～ It looks like you've fractured your leg,
haven't you?
You're quite the masochist, aren't you, Shiki-chan?
After all, normal people wouldn't be able to tolerate
this kind of pain!"
<Page17>
Ah... So that's how it is.
Though I'm glad that it's only a fracture.
I wouldn't be surprised if I had quite a few fractures
here and there.
<Page18>
"Hmm, but it's strange, isn't it? If there's a
fracture, you'd expect the area around it to be a
little damaged as well.# Hmm...# Let me slap something on
that real quick."
"?! Y-Y-You, what the heck was that!?"
<Page19>
"Just a bit of antiseptic.# Hmm, it looks like there's
no need to slice you open. It'll heal on its own by
tomorrow if you don't move around too much. Bo～ring!"
<Page20>
Arach-shi...  Arach discontentedly scratches
her head, then takes some medical equipment out of her
bag.
She breaks the seal on a fresh pair of surgical gloves,
dons them, and starts preparing a syringe.
<Page21>
I'm going to give you some painkillers just in case,
okay? It's not strictly necessary, but Matriarch-chan
told me to be thorough, so here we go.
<Page22>
With a fluid hand movement, Professor Arach injects the
painkillers into my left leg.
That accomplished, she tapes my heel in place and wraps
it in a bandage, thus completing the treatment.
...She really did a brilliant job.
It's on par with the care I received from the old man
from the clinic, who took care of me back when I was
living with the Arimas. She'd probably be an excellent
physician if she could only keep her mouth shut.
<Page23>
"Thank you very much. I feel a lot better now thanks to
you."
"Don't mention it. Besides, I'm not even licensed and
this is outside my area of expertise. I'm really more
of a scientist.# Shiki-chan called me a professor, after
all."
<Page24>
She seems to be over the moon about the fact that I
called her 'professor'.
...Based on her reaction, I assume that Akiha and the
others have never referred to her that way before.
<Page25>
"But you know, Shiki-chan, it really looks like you've
put your body through the wringer. It's as though you
were trying to surpass the limits of what's physically
possible for a human.
Personally, I love that kind of reckless behavior, so
even though I'm your doctor I won't stop you."
"Oh? But didn't you say you're more of a scientist than
a doctor?"
<Page26>
", Shiki-chan, you're so harsh ♡
You may look docile, but deep down you must be
cold-blooded, right? I bet it's not just your body
either. There's got to be two sides to your personality
as well, right?# I mean, you, how much do you even know
about your own body?"
<Page27>
"...Um, are you referring to my anemia?"
"No, not that, I was talking about your muscles and
bone structure. Or engine and chassis, if you will.
After feeling you up, I got the sense you have quite
the unusual body."
<Page28>
"When it comes to muscle, there's the fast-twitch
variety, which is specialized for brief periods of
explosive power, and the slow-twitch variety, which is
better suited for long-term endurance. You're mostly
made up of the former. That's all well and good, but,
how do I put this... it's light. It's not as though you
have a light build, but more like your bones themselves
are light? Were you born with some mysterious ability
to manipulate your own weight and float like a feather?
Anything like that?"
<Page29>
"What are you talking about. Light bones... What am I,
a bird?"
<Page30>
"Ah yeah, it's just like that!
This sort of thing doesn't just happen by chance, you
understand? It takes a lot of sophistication to make
something like this happen. You're like a thoroughbred,
born for the sole purpose of sprinting for ten seconds.
. Even though you two are siblings, you are the
exact opposite of little miss family head ♡"
"...I'm the exact opposite, of Akiha?"
<Page31>
"Yup. Though all children of the Tohno family are the
fruits of interbreeding old genes with new exemplary
ones, Matriarch-chan is a bit of an exception. Or maybe
you could call it a miracle?
A reversion to the ancestral DNA... otherwise known as
an atavism. She possesses a pure pattern, one from
before the interbreeding began.
I wonder. If you have the sort of talent that only
comes around once every ten years, how rare do you
think talents such as hers must be? Once every ten
years? Every hundred? Every thousand?"
<Page32>
Professor Arach poses the question with a wry smile on
her face.
I―――
C:> Think it's once in a decade?
C:> Think it's once in a century?
C:> Think it's once a millennium?
