<Page1>
Right, I'll wander over to the plaza by the station.
I'm not sure if I'll be able to go downhill with my
legs in the state they're in, but if it hurts, I can
just turn around.
<Page2>
After I announced that I'm "headed out for a bit",#
Hisui dutifully came all the way to the front gate with
me to see me off.
"Shiki-sama, at what time do you expect to return?"
<Page3>
"You don't have to worry. I'll make sure to be back by
dusk today."
"Understood. Well then, please have a safe trip."
<Page4>
Hisui bows deeply.
Feeling a little embarrassed by her deference, I depart
from the mansion.
<Page5>
Before I know it, my feet have carried me all the way
to the north gate of the station.
It hasn't even been twenty-four hours since last
night's incident.
<Page6>
There are off-limits signs around the perimeter, along
with a few guards.
Actually, make that an unusually large number of
guards. They're stationed such that they're only about
five meters apart.
I'm pretty sure even a kitten wouldn't be able to sneak
past all this.
<Page7>
...The news reported that last night's fire was the
result of an underground gas pipe exploding.
As of right now, the death toll numbers more than
twenty people. At least fifty others sustained serious
injuries.
The police officers are not included in those figures.
Inside of that inferno... The records of the officers
who bravely stood against that vampire, and were
reduced to ash by his flames, will never be released to
the public.
<Page8>
"...?"
I suddenly notice something strangely unsettling.
The perimeter of the collapsed area is tightly cordoned
off and entry is clearly forbidden.
<Page9>
Not a single person is entering or exiting the site.
I would have expected the scene to be packed with
people investigating the incident or starting work on
repairs...
<Page10>
"...Hold on, step back a second..."
There are barely any police cars here.
This area is being guarded by a private security
company, and there aren't many policemen in sight.
It seems that the police are short-staffed as a result
of the recent string of incidents.
<Page11>
I leave the scene of the incident and return to the
plaza in front of the station.
I sit down on a bench and watch the crowds of people as
they come and go.
...I wonder how long I've been doing this for.
Suddenly―――
I catch sight of her retreating figure and leap to my
feet, only to realize that my eyes were playing tricks
on me.
<Page12>
"―――Geez, what the hell was that?"
I have no reason to talk to her.
Besides, now that she's accomplished her goal of
exterminating Vlov, there's no reason for Arcueid to
stick around in this city.
...I'm such a fool.
There's no point in whiling away my time here like
this. What was I hoping to achieve by coming all the
way out to the city?
<Page13>
"...That's right. Our time together was always going to
end this way, and honestly, to think that I'll never
have to do anything that insane again, it's good to be
rid―――"
<Page14>
I close my mouth before I could finish my sentence.
There's no point even uttering such a transparent lie.
It'll definitely be a lot less lively without her
around, but whether that's a good thing or not is hard
to say.
<Page15>
...After all, I'm still left with these feelings in my
heart.
Among those feelings is regret, and even lingering
affection.
That girl was nothing but trouble, but even so, it
was... well, kinda fun to spend time with her.
<Page16>
"...Geez, what am I thinking."
I nearly got killed, why on earth am I still pining
after her?
The wound I sustained last night is still there on my
leg.
I remember how it felt when it seemed like I was going
to be killed by Vlov.
I don't want to go through something like that ever
again.
<Page17>
"It's almost evening. I should head back to the
mansion."
I shake my head to cool my fevered thoughts, and turn
my back on these illusory visions of Arcueid.
