<Page1>
I'll take a tour around the mansion.
I doubt it's changed much over the past seven years,
but since I'll be looking at it from a new, more mature
perspective, maybe I'll discover some things I didn't
appreciate before.
<Page2>
―――Now then.
After snooping around the mansion for the past hour,
I've come to a conclusion.
<Page3>
"Why the heck is so much of this place off-limits?"
There's nobody around, but I still say it out loud as
though fishing for validation.
<Page4>
The main building of the Tohno residence is as large as
a hotel, and just like a hotel, it has many rooms that
are off-limits to unauthorized personnel.
<Page5>
The second floor of the east wing is especially
incredible.
Not 'awful', I really do mean 'incredible'.
It's as if there's some sort of unseen force at play.
I can't get into the other rooms in the mansion because
they're locked, but the second floor of the east wing
isn't barred by doors or locks.
Instead, the second I set foot down that hall, it's as
if I'm overcome by a sense of dizziness, or as if the
hallway itself has started to shake.
<Page6>
"If you enter without permission, your life is
automatically forfeit...
I'm getting a strong impression that that's the deal
here..."
<Page7>
The one responsible for that is, of course, Akiha.
Maybe I've developed a persecution complex― no, I'm
sure I was just overthinking it. Either way, I felt as
though my social life would be in grave danger if I
went any further, and opted not to enter the second
floor of the east wing.
<Page8>
"Yeah, you made the right call.
One shouldn't casually intrude on the living quarters
of the family head. Even if you're a part of the
family, too.
That's the way it's always been, right, Shiki-kun?"
<Page9>
"―――"
I'm addressed by someone standing behind me, and jump
slightly in surprise.
I turn around, and there I see...
<Page10>
"Have you finished exploring the mansion? Personally, I
would prefer it if people that came crawling back just
sat quietly in their own rooms, out of the way."
"I appreciate the concern. Likewise, I can't say I'd
want strangers wandering about in my house either."
<Page11>
"I'm only a stranger to you, but... no matter. Let's
put that aside. Neither of us is in a position to
meddle too deeply with the affairs of the other. It's a
delicate situation.
Today is―――that's right.
It seems I was also a little out of it. Seeing your
figure from behind reminded me of the past. That's why
I called out to you."
<Page12>
"You looked at me... and that made you remember the
past...?"
...Could it be...
<Page13>
"Yeah. Back when Makihisa-san was still in perfect
health.
Though he spent his final years holed up in his room,
he'd always been someone with a fondness for
horticulture. He used to walk the mansion grounds, just
as we do now."
<Page14>
"Had you heard that Makihisa-san had a deep knowledge
of plants?
I used to dabble with them as well. The two of us would
often head to the botanical garden over there to
discuss them together."
"The botanical garden... It looks like it's sealed up
pretty tightly now, though."
<Page15>
"The front door is, yes. The rear door can be opened
with a simple key.
I believe Miss Kohaku is the one holding onto it now?
Thankfully, it appears that she continues to tend the
garden even now, though only to the degree necessary to
maintain it."
<Page16>
"......"
I'm a little surprised.
Saiki just referred to Kohaku-san as 'Miss'.
I would have thought he'd be the type of person to look
down on people for being servants.
<Page17>
"Are you close with Kohaku-san by any chance?"
"Me? With that maid? ...
. .# !"
<Page18>
The man chuckles sarcastically, then begins to laugh in
earnest.
I don't need to ask what he finds so amusing.
...Saiki Gouto is laughing at the ridiculousness of the
person in front of him.
<Page19>
"...Did I say something funny just now?"
"Oh, no, excuse me.
Yeah, that was rude of me. After all, it isn't your
fault. It was simply a bad question, that's all."
<Page20>
"I am not as close with Miss Kohaku as you may have
assumed. It was only after Akiha became the head of the
family that I started talking to her.
In addition to her other duties, Miss Kohaku also
serves as Akiha's secretary. Naturally, I've had ample
opportunity to converse with her as a result.
Though between the two of them, I would have to say
that Miss Hisui is the one I'm better acquainted with."
<Page21>
"Huh?"
This is another big surprise.
You're telling me that Saiki Gouto... this
shady-looking guy... is well acquainted with Hisui...?
<Page22>
"Though, even that was some time ago now.
I haven't spoken to her at all these past few years.
Outside of the occasional greeting, of course.
Well then. It seems that I've spent too much time in
the sun. I'd better head back before my skin starts to
itch."
<Page23>
Saiki Gouto raises a hand in the air, and a car that
had been standing by in the parking lot rolls up in
front of the entrance to the mansion.
This must mean the end of our conversation.
<Page24>
"Ah, I forgot to ask you something important.
How does it feel, seeing the mansion again for the
first time in seven years?"
"There were no real surprises. I could only really
remember the first floor, after all, so I didn't have
much to compare against."
<Page25>
I reply to the man clad head to toe in bandages.
"What, that's all? How dull.
Still, I suppose so. Even if you've come back from the
past, there isn't much of reality you'd consider out of
place."
<Page26>
Having said what he wanted to say, Saiki Gouto leaves
the Tohno residence.
He's been visiting the mansion pretty frequently. I
wonder if he has a house of his own in Souya somewhere.
<Page27>
"...I should try to press him on that next time..."
There is no doubt that Saiki considers me an enemy, or
at least a nuisance.
Know your enemy and you shall not fear a hundred
battles.
I'd better learn a little more about him if I want to
be able to defend myself.
<Page28>
"Well, putting that aside."
I don't want this to be the note that my precious day
off ends on.
I regain my composure and resume my exploration of the
mansion.
Next up is... right. I'll head out to the courtyard.
