<Page1>
My afternoon off passed by without incident.
I returned to my room to loaf around for a bit, and the
next thing I knew it was already time for dinner.
<Page2>
"...Come on. Just hurry up and forget about her
already..."
I shake off the thoughts of that blonde woman still
lodged in my mind.
I know it's a common refrain that the sun sets early in
autumn, but it really does disappear far too quickly.
...I guess I was so absorbed in my insignificant
thoughts that I lost track of time.
<Page3>
Akiha and I sit in the dining room. Kohaku-san waits
attentively behind her, and Hisui is likewise standing
a little ways behind me.
<Page4>
The dinner Kohaku-san had prepared for us consisted of
a series of courses, culminating in a main course of
wagyu beef.
Maybe it's one of the customs of the Tohno residence,
but Akiha spends the meal in utter silence, a prim
expression on her face as she conveys each morsel of
food to her lips.
<Page5>
Akiha had returned to the mansion maybe an hour or so
prior.
Apparently, some sort of unforeseen problem had cropped
up, and she'd had to go run it to ground.
<Page6>
"...Hisui. Just checking, but is there some sort of
rule that says we're not allowed to speak to each other
during dinner?"
I ask Hisui in a whisper, trying not to be heard by
Akiha.
<Page7>
"...No. All members of the family are free to talk
amongst themselves."
"...So does that mean Akiha's silence is simply because
she's in a bad mood?"
<Page8>
"...My deepest apologies. It is difficult for me to say
for sure... This is purely speculation, but perhaps it
is the case that Akiha-sama is simply fatigued."
"...I see. I guess you're right. She's always a little
sullen, but this right here is a new level of
ill-temper. Dealing with that crisis must have taken a
lot out of her."
<Page9>
I nod earnestly and sympathize with her.
I can't say this out loud, but the best thing I can do
for my sister after her weekend has been cut short by
some unexpected crisis is to just let her rest. There's
no reason for me to go and put my foot in it by
bringing the topic up. Let sleeping Akihas lie, and all
that.
<Page10>
"I heard you, Nii-san.
I will have you know that I am not at all tired as a
result of this afternoon's inspection. In this house,
we simply consider silence to be golden during a meal."
<Page11>
Akiha glares at me.
It's only natural she'd notice me talking to Hisui, but
the fact that she could even make out what we were
saying is disconcerting. Her hearing must be insanely
sharp.
<Page12>
"...Then again, I suppose that too is now a thing of
the past.
If you really wish to talk about something, or want to
chat about the events of the day, then I suppose
there's nothing wrong with that."
<Page13>
I nod my head in understanding and resume eating.
Perhaps as a result of having a light breakfast
followed by a light lunch, by evening I had developed
quite the appetite.
...Though despite that, I'm finding tonight's menu a
little difficult to stomach.
Not just because of the beef tenderloin and foie gras,
but also because the deep red sauce forcefully reminds
me of blood, and by extension, all of the events that
led up to yesterday.
<Page14>
An unexpected murder. An impossible reunion. An
unbelievable monster.
Weighed down by that heavy loss of life, their
outstretched fingers―――the touch of death.
And finally―――what I knew would naturally follow
after we defeated that vampire―――parting ways.
"........."
How pathetic... To sink this deeply into my reverie...
my fever hasn't abated at all, has it?
<Page15>
"―――And?
How did my dear Nii-san, who so commiserates with my
working life, spend his afternoon off?"
"Huh? O-Oh, you mean me. This afternoon I went out for
a little stroll, then went back to my room and spent
the rest of the day lying in bed."
<Page16>
"Is that... well, your anemia acting up again?"
"No, I was just lost in thought and the day slipped
away from me. My body's not in bad shape, and even my
leg isn't causing me trouble anymore."
<Page17>
"So in other words, you wasted your time doing nothing,
didn't you?
.... Please do not boast about your idleness so
openly. I may not think anything of it personally, but
if others were to hear you say such things, you'd
surely become a laughingstock."
<Page18>
Akiha's reaction is merciless and leaves no room for
rebuttal.
But be that as it may―――
<Page19>
"It's true that if someone heard me say that, they may
think I was a deadbeat.
Or rather, it actually was pretty lazy of me, I'll
admit.
But, what do you mean when you say that you don't
personally think anything of it?"
Could it be that her strict attitude is just for show,
and she's actually benevolent when it comes to her
immediate family?
<Page20>
"Why don't I think anything of it? Isn't it obvious?
It's because I expect absolutely nothing from you in
the first place.
I've been under no illusions about what kind of person
you are from the very beginning, Nii-san."
<Page21>
"........."
I see. What an enlightened perspective.
You can't be disappointed if you never get your hopes
up.
I guess this is how it feels to be at a loss for words.
<Page22>
"Man, that was a great meal."
"Thank you for the meal. I have lessons to attend to
after dinner, so I must take my leave.# Nii-san? If you
truly regret your behavior, I suggest that you return
to your room early tonight and focus on your studies."
<Page23>
Akiha gets up from her seat and leaves the dining room.
I believe that tonight's lesson is a violin recital she
planned earlier this evening... Just how much of an
overachiever is she? I'll definitely develop an
inferiority complex at this rate.
<Page24>
"Shiki-san, fight...! Don't let Akiha-sama beat you!"
The mischievous maid pumps her fists in support as she
follows Akiha out of the room.
<Page25>
After dinner, I took a quick bath and headed back to my
room.
I take a seat at the desk furnishing my room.
As Akiha says, I'd better make up for the fact that I
spent the day idling around. I spread my textbooks out
across the surface of the desk.
<Page26>
Despite all the unbelievable things that have happened
to me recently, at the end of the day, I'm still a
second-year high school student. I have a massive pile
of work that needs to get done.
<Page27>
"...Well, I have a bunch of work I should be doing,
but..."
No matter how hard I try, I can't concentrate at all.
The only thing I can think about―――
is the figure of the woman who no longer needs me, and
who I really ought to forget.
<Page28>
"Ah man, I'm calling it a day!"
I give up, lie down on my bed, and stare aimlessly at
the ceiling.
<Page29>
...It's okay. Tonight will be the end of it.
The last two days were full of excitement, for better
or worse.
You'd have to be crazy to forget something like that
easily.
I just needed a day to cool off, that's all.
<Page30>
I'll just lie here, doing nothing, and let my
consciousness drift.
In order to keep my memories at bay, and to dilute down
the impression she left on me, I'll consign myself to
nothingness, and let the hours slip away.
...If I do that, all of the events that have transpired
will surely become nothing more than fragments of the
past.
<Page31>
"...Ah..."
Eventually, my eyelids begin to droop.
My consciousness slowly fades.
My senses are subsumed by the unbearable darkness.
<Page32>
...And just like that, the day that went by so
peacefully comes to an end.
Lying there in bed, wondering if I'm simply trying to
fool myself, I sink into an uncertain slumber.
