<Page1>
I'll go for a stroll out in the yard.
I haven't been out to take a look at the gardens since
I returned to the mansion.
I should go see how much it's changed in the past seven
years.
From here, I should be able to get to the courtyard via
the doorway behind the grand staircase.
<Page2>
I head out onto the terrace.
This terrace also abuts the rear of the living room.
<Page3>
Back when we were little, this was Akiha's favorite
haunt on days when the weather was good.
Though, perhaps it would be more accurate to say that
it was also her boundary.
She never went out into the garden by herself, this
terrace marked the confines of where she was allowed to
roam.
<Page4>
"...That's right. I'd always be calling out to her from
the garden, behind her tutor's back."
<Page5>
I think I remember being told to always keep to the
terrace when we went out to play.
They said that it would be mischievous of us to go into
the forest by ourselves, or something along those
lines.
Of course, I went and took Akiha out with me to the
forest anyway, and got chewed out for it afterward.
<Page6>
I head down from the terrace and out into the garden.
The garden looked endless in the eyes of a child, but
now that I have a better perspective, it's a little
easier to get a handle on the size of it.
There are fewer flowers now than I remember there being
seven years ago, but aside from that the ambiance of
the garden is largely unchanged.
<Page7>
After strolling around leisurely for about ten minutes,
I arrive at the gazebo.
This marks the end of the garden.
Past this point, it gives way to a dense forest, thick
with trees.
I'm still a little hobbled by my leg injury, so this is
about as far as I'll go today.
<Page8>
"Man, this mansion really is totally out of place in
Japan, huh."
I sit down on a rock and gaze out over the vast autumn
garden.
<Page9>
From this perspective, the mansion looks more like a
castle than simply a Western-style house. It's a
spectacular sight, but it's so far removed from what
I'm comfortable with that I can't help smiling
bitterly.
If you ask me, this scenery is much more befitting of
Akiha, or―――
<Page10>
"Someone like her, I guess."
I can't help but think of that stunningly beautiful
woman.
<Page11>
"―――Geez, what the hell was that?"
I shake my head vigorously to clear away such wild and
crazy thoughts.
<Page12>
Why am I reminiscing about Arcueid, anyway?
It's not as though I'm ever going to see her again.
Now that she's accomplished her goal of exterminating
Vlov, there's no reason for her to stick around in this
city.
That's why―――it's no use being hung up on her like
this.
<Page13>
"...That's right.
Our time together was always going to end this way, so
there's no point dwelling on it. Honestly, to think
that I'll never have to do anything that insane again,
it's good to be rid―――"
<Page14>
I close my mouth before I could finish my sentence.
There's no point even uttering such a blatant lie.
...It'll definitely be a lot less lively without her
around, but whether that's a good thing or not is hard
to say.
<Page15>
After all, I'm still left with these feelings in my
heart.
Among those feelings is regret, and even lingering
affection.
That girl was nothing but trouble, but even so, it
was... well, kinda fun to spend time with her.
<Page16>
"...Geez, what am I thinking."
I nearly got killed, why on earth am I still pining
after her?
The wound I sustained last night is still there on my
leg.
I remember how it felt when it seemed like I was going
to be killed by Vlov.
I don't want to go through something like that ever
again.
<Page17>
I breathe out a sigh and leave behind the gazebo.
I kill some more time strolling around the courtyard as
I make my way back.
...And yet. Even after the sun has set, this strange
lingering attachment...
...is not so easily forgotten.
