<Page1>
"Just kidding, all of those answers are completely
wrong!
It would be absurd to even compare her talents to those
crafted by the hands of men!
Our precious little head of the family is the sort of
monster that only shows up once every ten thousand
years, after all!"
<Page2>
Professor Arach lets loose a hearty cackle. It appears
she's thoroughly enjoying herself.
...I unconsciously clench my fist in response to her
attitude.
<Page3>
"Oh my, are you mad because I spoke ill of your sister?
I was only trying to express the extent of my heartfelt
affection for her, you know."
"Is that so. Even if that's the case, please do not
speak of her like that again."
<Page4>
...I don't want anyone to liken her to a monster.
Now that I know vampires are real, I can't abide anyone
using that term to refer to a human.
And to refer to Akiha, at that. I won't allow it.
<Page5>
"Oh dear, did I strike a nerve? , I'm scared! I'm so
scared that I'm getting outta here!"
With a clatter of heels,  Arach scurries over to
the door.
I have no intention of calling out to her retreating
back to get her to stop.
<Page6>
However, the woman in the lab coat halts in front of
the door, then turns around with a grin playing around
her lips.
<Page7>
"But before I go, let me say just one thing as a
professor.
If, in the future, you plan on getting hurt like this
again, let me offer you a piece of advice: Shiki-chan,
your body isn't in peak condition, is it? So how about
it? Don't you want to shake off the stagnation of these
past seven years? Well, be warned that if you do, it's
reeeeally gonna hurt like hell though!"
<Page8>
I don't understand the meaning of it.
I just know that I feel a visceral disgust at the idea
of accepting her offer.
<Page9>
"...I respectfully decline. Besides, this sort of thing
won't happen again."
"Yeah, it'll be great if that's how it plays out.
Laters, ciao～♡ I'll always be waiting for you～"
<Page10>
Professor Arach blows me a kiss, then leaves the room.
...I should pull myself together.
Now that I'm able to move, I need to decide how to
spend my afternoon.
