<Page1>
"...The hospital in Kushizuka..."
It's unlikely that Arcueid sparked whatever happened
there, but it probably isn't a waste of time to use
what's left of the day to scope out an ominous place
like that.
It's a whole two stops away by train, so I don't give
it good odds that I'll find anything tying it to what's
happening in Souya. Still, I've still got some time
left before nightfall, so I may as well go check it
out.
<Page2>
Once I've arrived at Kushizuka station, I transfer to a
bus and ride for twenty minutes.
Even from the closest bus stop, it still takes me a
further twenty minutes on foot.
Nestled in an industrial district set far apart from
the neighboring residential areas, there stands the
skeletal remains of the hospital, quietly crumbling
away.
<Page3>
"――――――"
Even from my vantage point by the main gate, I can take
a pretty good guess as to how sprawling it is inside.
It must have been a very grand hospital before it was
abandoned.
<Page4>
Grass is slowly encroaching on the buckling asphalt.
Various parts of the ward visible in the distance
appear to have collapsed.
I wonder if it was a fire that originally put this
place out of commission.
Even if it was, there's far too stark a contrast
between the more run-down parts of it and the areas
that were less affected.
<Page5>
"――――――"
The sky looks so high over here.
With no tall buildings crowding around to block the
view, there's nothing but vast blue sky stretching out
in all directions.
Even though dusk is soon approaching, the spotless
brilliance of that sky is enough to hurt my eyes.
<Page6>
I cut a hole in the barbed wire with my knife and took
a quick look around the grounds, but didn't spot
anything out of the ordinary.
...I even went so far as to remove my glasses, but I
wasn't able to see anything resembling the disarrayed
lines I'd seen on that 'Dead'.
It seems there's nothing more to this place than an
abandoned building, long forgotten and left to rot.
<Page7>
"――――――"
This lead may have been a waste of time, but that's
just a normal part of an investigation. I return to the
main gate and check when the next bus is coming.
Looks like the next one back to the station leaves in
ten minutes. I might be able to make it in time if I
run.
I wearily shrug my shoulders, and decide to run back to
the bus stop.
