<Page1>
―――It was right in the middle of the residential
area.
An utterly unremarkable four-story apartment complex.
Nothing unusual about it.
<Page2>
Every floor has around four units, most of which have
lights on. The residents have yet to go to sleep, and
are each passing the time in their own way.
Whether those activities are above board or not isn't
something that people looking in from outside can know
for sure.
<Page3>
"――――――!"
I can see the lines.
The weight on my brain makes me want to throw up.
<Page4>
...This place is strange.
The lines running along the building are extremely
ordinary, but there's something oddly chilling about
them.
<Page5>
Perhaps it was the brilliant white of the light leaking
from the rooms,
or maybe it was the woman just returning to the
apartment, on whose body the lines of death drew a
dense, whirling maelstrom.
<Page6>
"―――Yeah. This one is definitely a hit."
Rather than heading for the entrance to the complex,
Arcueid sets off down the slope leading to the
underground garage.
A shutter has been lowered over the entrance.
<Page7>
"It looks like an ordinary apartment complex, but... is
this it, Arcueid?"
<Page8>
"Yeah. A Barrier has been erected over this shutter
that both wards off people and masks the scent of the
Dead inside.
Is that a camera over there? It's possible they've
caught sight of me, but the Dead inside have already
lost their chance to escape. If I'd shown up here alone
during the day, they'd have been able to get away
though."
<Page9>
Arcueid stoops down and puts her hands on the edge of
the shutter.
I thought she would pull it up in one go, but―――
<Page10>
"Shiki. Can you cut this shutter?"
"Well yeah, I can... but is that okay?"
"Yeah. You're better suited to this task than I am. If
I were to open it by force, I'd set off the alarm,
wouldn't I?"
<Page11>
...She does have a point.
Now that the time has come to act, Arcueid is totally
level-headed.
<Page12>
"You should stay by the entrance of this garage.
If this is their 'nest', then there's probably around
ten of those Undead waiting inside.
You may be stronger in a one-on-one, but if there's two
or more of them then you'll be at a disadvantage."
<Page13>
"It's not like I'm that... well, whatever. Alright,
here we go."
I sever the 'lines' on the shutter.
With a crashing sound, the iron door falls onto the
concrete floor.
I peer through the hole cut in the shutter into the
inky blackness beyond.
<Page14>
"What the hell is this smell...?!"
A repulsive odor.
The smell of rotting flesh pervades the inside of the
garage, and the air is heavy with the scent of blood.
<Page15>
A group forms, each member a squirming mass of lines.
They must have noticed that they had visitors as soon
as I cut through the shutter.
<Page16>
In total there are... twenty-two of them. With that
many Dead around, there's no doubt that this place is
their sire's stronghold!
<Page17>
"Arcueid, there're more of them than we expected...!
This must be their stronghold. In that case, I should
also―――"
<Page18>
"Hmm? This isn't a stronghold, it's just a feeding
ground.
Don't worry, these Undead just got up, they're like
insects to me. I'll finish this quick, so just wait
over there!"
<Page19>
"――――――You're kidding me..."
My brain just isn't built to keep up with the
unexpected series of events unfolding before me.
First I'm forced to bear witness to this gore-clogged
grave of a garage,
and now I'm watching a magnificent figure skating
display. The combination doesn't exactly leave a good
taste in my mouth.
<Page20>
Countless numbers of Dead wake up, then swoop down upon
their visitors.
They are torn apart by a single swing of her arm.
The fangs swarm in. Dead flesh scatters in all
directions. Yet not one drop of that spray falls upon
the figure in white whirling at its center.
<Page21>
I've seen it time and time again at this point, but
it's still enough to take my breath away.
...That's right.
There was no way those corpses could put up a fight
against her.
<Page22>
Their abilities are different. Their views are
different. Their planes of existence are different.
This is what it means to defeat someone with one hand
tied behind your back――to be truly peerless.
In Arcueid's eyes, vampires that merely suck blood
probably look no different from us humans. They're
simply prey.
<Page23>
"......"
A headache courses through me. It's the price I pay for
exposing my eyes, but I can't put my glasses back on
just yet.
<Page24>
Even though Arcueid said that she could take care of it
alone, there are still more than ten corpses remaining.
At this pace, she'll wipe them out in less than a
minute, but until her fight is over, I won't―――
<Page25>
"...?"
Arcueid is acting strange.
Her movements are becoming sluggish.
<Page26>
She hasn't taken any hits at all.
She hasn't even let the Corpses get close enough for
that.
And yet―――
Each and every time she tears apart a Corpse, her face
seems to contort in agony.
<Page27>
―――A sweeping wave of devastation.
Before I know it, there is only one Corpse remaining.
There's no longer a need for excessive violence. She
can settle this with a single swing of her arm.
And yet―――
As though reaching a final, violent crescendo, without
showing even a speck of restraint, the white figure
pulverizes the thing that was once human.
<Page28>
It's over.
At the heart of that bloodbath stands Arcueid,
shoulders slumped, straining to catch her breath.
...That idiot. I don't know what's come over her, but
she wasted way too much energy.
If she were acting normally, she'd have taken care of
them effortlessly, and with only a tenth the violence.
<Page29>
"Arcueid."
I call out to her from the entrance to the garage.
<Page30>
"Yeah, how was it? Were you watching, Shiki?
This was the last stop for tonight, and you were
watching me, so I may have gone a little overboard."
<Page31>
"Are you serious... I don't think I've ever heard 'a
little overboard' sound so ominous before..."
I breathe out a sigh.
<Page32>
...Geez, give me a break already.
To think that excessive violence was simply her trying
to show off in front of me. I seriously don't know how
to respond to that.
<Page33>
"...I mean...
It  true that I was a little captivated by it,
but―――"
The cheerful atmosphere is cut short.
My thoughts come to a screeching halt. My consciousness
goes blank.
The thing before me is so outlandish I can't help but
doubt my own eyes.
<Page34>
How long has  been there?
No, how long had I simply failed to notice it?
The black panther that appeared in the back alley.
The burning corpses.
The Dead masquerading as humans.
I've seen all sorts of strange things these past couple
of days. I went through all kinds of new experiences.
<Page35>
But they were all things with a basis in reality.
Variations on entities that exist in the real world. An
extension of things that we already know and
comprehend.
But that thing is different.
The air it gives off is different. The species it
belongs to is different. The process through which it
came into being is different.
That creature is utterly alien. It shouldn't exist. Not
in this city, not even in Arcueid's world.
<Page36>
That thing has the same shape as a human.
It carries the same scent as the Dead.
However, it has renounced all trappings of humanity. It
is not a member of Homo sapiens.
I sense no sign of the respiration critical for life. I
can't spot any faculties that seem to respond to light.
Yet my instincts can still understand, however vaguely,
that this creature's sole purpose is to prey on others.
<Page37>
Even though I've never seen anything quite like this, I
do know something that resembles it.
―――A spider.
<Page38>
"――――――"
My thoughts are still frozen in place.
I can't remember how to use my throat.
With a grisly sound, the flesh of its abdomen peels
away like a receding tide.
<Page39>
That unfolding flesh wasn't just the fat from its
stomach, but something that solidified into what seemed
like arms.
The multitude of arms undulates eerily, like the
tentacles of a cephalopod.
And at their tips...
<Page40>
"Arcueid!"
I cry out.
Sensing something is amiss, Arcueid spins around.
<Page41>
One of the unwound tentacles lashes out like a whip,
aiming straight for the nape of Arcueid's neck.
<Page42>
It happened in an instant, but it still wasn't fast
enough to take Arcueid by surprise.
Against the same claws that tore those Dead to shreds
like scraps of paper,
the fate of that vulgar whip of flesh is a foregone
conclu―――
<Page43>
"...?!"
Except, her air-rending claws weren't enough to sever
that whip of flesh.
Arcueid's glancing blow does little to slow its
advance, and it snakes around her white figure before
sinking its teeth into her back.
<Page44>
"――――――"
I hear the click of a trigger being pulled in my skull.
A grotesque Dead hiding in wait.
                    ―――Things like that can happen.
The unanticipated hardness of its skin.
                    ―――Things like that can happen.
Far more repugnant than the Dead that came before.
                    ―――Things like that can happen.
On top of that...
Conceited enough to think it can kill Arcueid, it
releases a second, then a third whip of flesh.
                    ―――That... can't happen.
<Page45>
How foolish.
That idiot.
She's not the sort of woman to be bested by a monster
like that. If only she hadn't done that, if only she
hadn't been so reckless. I can't believe this. She's
sustained a new wound. She's let herself be driven into
a corner. Her breathing is ragged. Her movements are
shaky. She just sat there and took a hit that even I
would have been able to dodge.
<Page46>
"―――"
I'm so glad that I didn't put on my glasses.
If I had, I might've smashed them to pieces in my fury.
The grotesque-looking Dead leaps around in what seems
like excitement.
As it stands before the prey it would ordinarily never
have been able to reach, a vulgar smile spreads across
its face, extending all the way to its cheeks.
<Page47>
"―――I..."
Don't fuck with me.
                 Don't fuck with me.
                                  DO NOT FUCK WITH ME.
It's mine. My responsibility. My duty. It's because of
me... It's because I killed her that she's fallen to
the floor, yet even though I killed her for no other
reason than my own pleasure, that woman forgave me, she
forgave my failures as a human. I―――
"―――I'll kill you, you piece of shit―――!"
I won't let those misshapen maws get a taste of her...!
<Page48>
I slice. Lunging at it headlong like an animal, with no
artistry in my movements, I simply sever it.
Am I running toward it?
Is it coming toward me?
It doesn't matter. My legs will not falter.
<Page49>
The second arm is unleashed. Unlike the sweeping
roundhouse swing that came before, it's a tight fist,
thrown such that from my perspective it looks like a
single point. A jab, in boxing terms. A technique that
involves minimal movement, but exceptional speed. It
may lack power, but it moves faster than the human eye
can follow, and by extension, faster than the body can
dodge.
No problem at all. If I can't dodge it, then I'll just
have to tear it apart as it comes at me.
<Page50>
I chase after the fleeing back. The red lines of death
go haywire as they're disconnected.
I don't even have to think as I efficiently sever each
successive line.
The creature was doing its best to defend itself, but
its left leg is now on the verge of 'death'.
The only thing left to worry about is its bite, but
I've already reached the place where I needed to be.
I pierce the rumbling 'point' located to the upper
right of its navel.
<Page51>
I did not hear any screams of agony as it died.
Like a mechanical doll whose batteries had been
removed, the grotesque Dead ceased all movement, and
passed away.
<Page52>
"―――――#Ah."
After finishing the job, I was finally able to breathe
again.
<Page53>
The surroundings are scattered with fragments of rotten
flesh.
The Dead that I took down has already turned to ash.
It doesn't look like anything happened to the Dead that
Arcueid killed, I guess the grotesque-looking one was a
special case.
<Page54>
"――."
But, I killed it.
It may have had a surreal appearance, but I took its
life without hesitation.
"... ."
I can't think clearly.
That was nothing but mindless violence just now.
I did not take any of Sensei's lessons into
consideration. I simply let my <emotions|m i n d   > run wild. Even
though I knew I shouldn't have, I acted like the killer
that I have always feared.
<Page55>
"――――――."
Regret. Self-condemnation. Loathing. Disappointment.
Once I calm down, I will surely be wracked by these
emotions.
<Page56>
...But that's okay. I can live with that.
I'd pick that over Arcueid getting hurt any day.
Just now, for the first time ever,
I used my power for the sake of a single woman, without
hesitation, and keeping full control of my sanity as I
did so.
<Page57>
"......"
Turning around, I see that Arcueid's shoulders are
trembling, and her breathing is in disarray.
<Page58>
"Are you okay?! Arcueid...!"
I rush over to her.
She's clutching at her chest like she's trying to hold
back the pain, panting in anguish, like an animal that
can barely remember how to breathe.
<Page59>
"You idiot! You're too careless! This is all because
you acted violently without thinking!
Are you okay? Did your wound open back up again...!?"
"........."
Arcueid's back is shaking heavily.
<Page60>
...This is awful. It can't be good for her to be
sweating out of every pore like this.
Thinking she might have sustained a wound on her chest,
I stoop down to get a look at her face, and―――
<Page61>
"――― ! !"
"―――Oi."
<Page62>
"Geez, you really are an animal!
That was amazing, that was way too amazing!"
"............"
<Page63>
This... is terrible.
Arcueid wasn't doubled over from the pain of her
wounds.
She was just holding her stomach to try and contain her
laughter.
<Page64>
"Crying crocodile tears like that, you've been
corrupted by human society, haven't you?!
That's right, I was a fool for worrying about you!
There's no way someone as strong as you would be in
that much pain!"
<Page65>
"Ah, how awful. I really was in pain, you know.
If I'd been pushed any further, my stomach that was
already cut once by a certain someone might have been
opened up !"
" ..."
That's just playing dirty.
I would still be at fault no matter what I say, so I
have no choice but to stay quiet.
<Page66>
".... Fine, I get it. I sincerely apologize for my
actions.
Despite that stupid laugh from earlier, I'm glad that
you're okay."
<Page67>
I retort with a hint of sarcasm.
And then...
As you can see, she's got that mysterious grin on her
face again.
<Page68>
"What? Something else you want to say?"
"Yeah. It's just that those weren't crocodile tears. I
really was happy back then.
After all, you really came through for me, Shiki."
"――――――"
My cheeks are burning. I try my best to turn my face
away from her sudden surprise attack.
<Page69>
"Hmm? What? Is something wrong, Shiki?"
"I-It's nothing! I just felt a little hot, you know!"
Seriously? 'You know'? What a flimsy attempt at playing
it off.
<Page70>
I keep my gaze turned away from Arcueid.
I try and hide my blushing cheeks with my hands, but
doing so only makes them feel even hotter.
<Page71>
"――――――Ah."
And besides, what's with that face? Just what is she
thinking when she praises my skills as a murderer in a
grim situation like this? I wish she had a better grasp
on the right time and place for that sort of thing. She
takes 'femme fatale' to a whole new level. Or am I the
weird one for feeling this happy about it? If so then I
should settle down. I just need to collect myself, and
let the flush from that surprise attack pass over me.
<Page72>
"...Okay, I've calmed down.
So, what do we do now? I mean, even if this isn't the
enemy's stronghold, maybe we should go inside and
search for some clues or something?"
<Page73>
"Yeah, it might be good to investigate before anyone
shows up.
There probably aren't any clues about the coffin, but
maybe we can find the location of the other feeding
grounds―――"
"........."
<Page74>
Well, that didn't work at all.
The pounding in my chest hasn't abated in the
slightest. My face is still flushed.
I'm in a daze. Whatever Arcueid's saying goes right
over my head.
...But I don't think there's anything I can do about
it.
There's not a man alive that could resist her charms
when she says such things with that smile on her face.
This feeling, this headache, this heaviness in my
limbs, it's all because of Arcueid―――
<Page75>
"...Shiki? Hey, are you alright?!"
"What an incredible fever...
That Dead... was the enemy really that hard to look
at?!"
<Page76>
"...No, it isn't really anything like that... but...
...Aren't you, a bit too close...?"
My head won't work.
Although I'm still conscious, my thoughts are sluggish,
and my body's senses feel awfully distant...
<Page77>
"Let's end this investigation here and take a break.
Besides, he's not the type to leave a trail, so just
destroying one of his feeding grounds is enough of an
accomplishment for today. Since he's lost this many
workers, he won't be able to do anything for a little
while, and soon he'll have no choice but to appear in
person."
<Page78>
I feel her pull me by the arm.
I nod groggily at Arcueid's words, and we leave the
gore-smeared underground garage behind us.
