<Page1>
Suddenly, I feel calm.
I'm a human being. I have the power to clearly
differentiate between the things I can do, and the
things I cannot do.
<Page2>
What can one inconsequential man hope to achieve when
confronted by the raging wave of fate?
That's right. All I can do is pray for the best.
Whatever happens, happens.
<Page3>
"Come to think of it, I love the topic of Modern
Society."
I'll concentrate on the lecture, and pay no mind to
whatever is going on outside the window next to me.
Ah, it looks like the teacher has really hit their
stride and is passionately describing the environmental
issues that began around the turn of the twenty-first
century.
<Page4>
"........."
I see. The earth has enough resources that mankind
isn't in danger of running out, but resource starvation
and the damage humans do to the environment are
separate issues. No matter how reckless we are, we
won't destroy the planet itself. That said, as we
continue to act irresponsibly, fueling global warming
and destroying habitats, we make it ever more difficult
for humanity to continue to survive.# If I were to make
a mess of my room to the point where I can't even live
in it, the only one to suffer for it would be me. The
house itself would be fine. Yup, that all checks out.
<Page5>
Unrelated, but...
Even though I've been devoting all my attention to the
lesson, I have to wonder why I've been feeling this
rapidly building sense of foreboding?
<Page6>
"Yup, this is it!
All these rooms look the same, I really got turned
around!"
<Page7>
With an embarrassed chuckle―――who knows what's she
so embarrassed about―――this suspicious character
briskly strides over to the teacher's podium.
<Page8>
"W-What do you think you're doing? We're in the middle
of class―――"
Despite being taken completely by surprise, the Modern
Society instructor, Mr. Mamiya, pulls himself together
enough to issue a rebuke to the intruder. An impressive
display. He's not the most senior instructor at our
school for nothing. What a role model for teachers
everywhere.
However...
<Page9>
"We've been waiting for you. Right, here are the
materials for today."
Mr. Mamiya readily hands the textbook over to the
trespasser and simply leaves the classroom.
<Page10>
The class is in a state of chaos. But even if they're
still processing whatever surprising events have just
taken place, you can rely on students to whip out their
phones and start texting about it all the same.
<Page11>
'Sorry, can anyone explain what's going on?'
'I know Mamiya just left, but is this really okay?'
'Forget that, anyone know her? She smells nice.'
'I demand an expert's opinion on this matter.'
'Shit, she's so close! She's so pretty!'
'This school lucked out to get both her and
Noel-sensei.'
'I thank the Lord for bringing her to the front of the
blackboard.'
'Only terrorists show up in the middle of class, you
know.'
<Page12>
"You guys..."
Just how oblivious can people be to danger?
<Page13>
"Nice to meet you all. Name's Arcutie, and I will be
your special guest lecturer!
I appreciate the warm welcome you've all given me
today!"
No, this isn't really a problem of being oblivious, is
it?
<Page14>
I scoot my chair back to give myself some room,
allow myself to gradually slide off it until I'm
crouched on the floor,
and from there make my way toward the rear exit of the
classroom.
<Page15>
Everyone else is thoroughly entranced by guest lecturer
Arcutie up on the podium, so my escape goes entirely
unnoticed.
It's pretty clear what's going on. She's been abusing
the power of either her Mystic Eyes or something
similar, first to get rid of Mr. Mamiya, and now for
whatever it is she's currently up to.
<Page16>
"Hmm, I should probably write some stuff on the
blackboard, shouldn't I?
Modern Society...? Ah, so this is a social studies
class! Well then, this is the perfect opportunity for a
special lecture on vampire―――"
<Page17>
Wait, hold on, that actually sounds super interesting.
No―――that would just be playing into the enemy's
hands.
There's still ten minutes left until lunch break.
"Ah! Shiki isn't here!
He ran off! That little...!"
Doing my best to remain calm, I rush toward the best
place to go at a time like this.
<Page18>
I head around the back of the gymnasium, which doesn't
get a lot of foot traffic.
If we're in a place like this, we're a lot less likely
to get spotted by any of the other students.
Now, all I have to do is wait...
<Page19>
"Hey!
Why are you running when I came all this way to see
you?!
Wouldn't it be better to show some guts for once and
accept whatever comes at you?!"
<Page20>
If I can act as bait and lure this destructive force
into chasing after me, then that neatly resolves at
least one of my problems.
<Page21>
"No. If I sense any danger, then I run."
Of course there are exceptions to that rule, but no
need to mention that.
<Page22>
"But, more importantly!
Arcueid-sensei, I'm the one who should be upset here.
Didn't you say that you wouldn't get yourself involved
with human society?
You did say that you would try not to stand out, didn't
you?"
<Page23>
"So then what the hell was that about?
To think that you would appear in public so brazenly,
are you even taking this whole vampire extermination
thing seriously?!"
<Page24>
"What the hell, of course I'm taking this seriously,
you dummy!
Besides, I even made sure to put on a disguise! I
didn't stand out at aaaall!"
<Page25>
"A disguise?... Don't tell me... is it those glasses?"
Am I really supposed to believe this woman is a
terrifying monster?
<Page26>
"Yup, that's right!
I wasn't sure if I was on the same page as you, so I
did some homework yesterday!
When you think school, you think teachers――and when
you think teachers you think glasses, right?
I haven't got the slightest clue why you people wear
them, but what do you think? Do they suit me?"
<Page27>
"――― ..."
Chattering away in a voice full of naïve exuberance,
Arcueid shows off her glasses to me.
<Page28>
...Shit. What's up with this vampire... That's not
fair... I was totally ready to give her a piece of my
mind up until a moment ago, but how am I supposed to
stay mad at her when she looks at me like that...
<Page29>
"Ah geez, fine, I get it!
If there's something you want to talk about, then I'll
listen, but no more Arcutie-sensei, and no more of
those glasses!"
<Page30>
"―――Ah."
I confiscate the hazardous goods from Arcueid.
When she has the glasses look going for her, I don't
even stand a chance.
Fighting dirty like that has to be against the rules. I
can't let her use them against me again.
<Page31>
"...I went through all that trouble to create those,
and now you've taken them away."
"Don't say it like I'm the bad guy here. If you bring
dangerous goods like this to a school, of course
they'll get confiscated."
"...Did I not look good in them after all...?"
<Page32>
"――――――"
Seeing this uncharacteristically feminine side of
Arcueid was enough to take my breath away.
<Page33>
...I'm feeling more captivated by her than usual.
Maybe she's just not feeling well since it's the middle
of the day, or maybe this is a new and intriguing side
of Arcueid I've never seen before... Either way, right
now I need to work out what to do with her―――
