<Page1>
It must be due to the serial killings.
I didn't run into anyone on my way here, and the park
is similarly devoid of human presence.
<Page2>
There is only the solitary silhouette of a woman in
white.
<Page3>
"Shiki!"
"Huh?!"
But for whatever reason, Arcueid shouts at me as soon
as she sees my face.
<Page4>
"W-What? Did I get the time wrong?"
"That's right! Geez, what time did you think it was?
You promised you'd be here over ten minutes ago!"
<Page5>
Ten minutes... I mean, despite the fact that I left the
mansion before ten o'clock, I would have needed to
sprint here to even have a chance at making it on time.
On the other hand, it seems like Arcueid arrived here
right on time.
<Page6>
"Fine, my bad. I was also hoping to make it here by ten
one way or another, but it ended up taking way longer
than I expected to sneak out.
If you had a cell phone, I would have―――"
<Page7>
I would have been able to get in touch with her to let
her know, but the thought of texting back and forth
with a vampire strikes me as completely insane.
<Page8>
"You know what, never mind.
I'll make sure not to be late next time. Just give me a
pass this once, okay?"
<Page9>
"―――Geez. We're going to be off fighting for our
lives right after this, but you don't seem to have your
head in the game at all."
<Page10>
Arcueid's pretty angry. You can almost see the steam
coming out of her ears.
"......"
Is it possible she actually got here way earlier than
we'd agreed to meet?
<Page11>
"...Hey Arcueid, how long have you been waiting for?"
"Me? I came here right after I woke up, so――――"
<Page12>
"I guess I've been waiting here since around seven
o'clock?"
"Seven o'clock!? You mean you've been waiting here for
over three hours?"
Just what was she planning on doing after showing up
three whole hours ahead of schedule?
<Page13>
"Yeah. I think I'm acting somewhat strange."
Arcueid muses out loud to herself. Seems like I'm not
the only one surprised by her actions.
<Page14>
"...Well, I may be guilty of showing up late, but isn't
this problem partly of your own making?
If you show up ages before we're supposed to meet, you
can't then complain about having to wait."
<Page15>
". But those two things are unrelated. It doesn't
change the fact that you were late."
<Page16>
"Well, that's true, but...
I mean, why  you stand around and wait for three
hours? If you came that early by mistake, wouldn't it
have made more sense to head back to your apartment for
a bit?"
<Page17>
"Well, even I don't know the answer to that.
It was kinda enjoyable in its own way; I was idly
thinking that it might be nice to hang out here and
wait for you, then all of a sudden it was ten o'clock
already."
"You were enjoying yourself? But why?"
<Page18>
"Who knows. Like I said, I'm not even sure why myself.
...I wonder if you killing me had anything to do with
it. It feels like some part of my body broke and never
healed.
I feel like I'm going crazy, but no matter how hard I
try, I can't work out what part of my body is acting
up, or why."
<Page19>
"......"
I don't have an easy answer to a statement like that.
I'm the bastard responsible for dismantling Arcueid's
body into seventeen different pieces. If she tells me
that something's now wrong with it as a result, what
can I do but bow my head and apologize?
<Page20>
"Well, never mind all that.# We don't have much time, so
we can't afford to stand here shooting the breeze all
night."
"Yeah. Thanks for getting us back on track."
<Page21>
"Just know that if you're ever late again, I'll come
straight to your house to pick you up in person. As
someone who broke their promise, you'd be in no
position to complain, would you?"
<Page22>
"Wha―――You can't do that! I'll keep my promise, I
swear. Especially if that's the alternative.
I can't account for all possible contingencies though,
can I? And it's not as though me being late is the end
of the world or anything.
So please, no matter what happens, do not come to the
mansion! Akiha's misunderstanding of the situation is
bad enough as it is; if you stir things up any more
than you already have, she might actually make me go
live in the doghouse!"
<Page23>
"Hmm... Akiha, you mean that little sister who doesn't
resemble you in the slightest?"
"...No need to go that far, but yeah."
<Page24>
"So that's how it is. Do you really find your younger
sister so terrifying?"
"Come on now. In what world would an older brother be
afraid of―――"
―――his little sister, is the sentence I can't quite
bring myself to finish.
It's not like I'm particularly  of Akiha, but I
do find her a little difficult to deal with.
<Page25>
"I just don't want to make my sister worry
unnecessarily is all.
...I've been causing trouble for her ever since I was
little. I'd like for her to continue on as normal,
without having to know about any of this, if at all
possible."
"I see. You treat your little sister very well, don't
you?"
<Page26>
"As a rule, I treat everyone kindly.
It's just that I've recently made an exception for a
certain someone."
", you're talking about me!"
<Page27>
"...You really are a mystery. I was being sarcastic
just now.
That wasn't a compliment, I was trying to insult you."
<Page28>
"Is that so? But you said you made an exception for me,
right? I don't necessarily hate that, you know."
Arcueid keeps on smiling.
It was a carefree smile, like that of a child.
<Page29>
"......"
I feel strangely flushed. It seems I'm running a
temperature.
I think that if I stare at her much longer it might
draw out something sinister in me, so I pointedly avert
my gaze.
<Page30>
"Let's get down to business, Arcueid.
We're going to be looking for vampires just like
yesterday, right?"
"Oh, so we were. There's no need for you to take your
glasses off tonight, just follow along behind me."
<Page31>
We stroll through the city's evening glow.
Arcueid said she had a specific destination in mind,
but hasn't let me in on the details. As a result, it
feels more to me as though the two of us are simply
taking a leisurely stroll together through the city
streets.
<Page32>
"Tonight I'll have you look at some locations I've
pinpointed. We'll start with the most bustling one."
So saying, Arcueid turns us in the direction of the
downtown area by the station.
<Page33>
The city doesn't sleep, even though it's now past ten
o'clock.
An array of various sounds and lights all line up to
create an exhibit of civilization.
Through that city, where fashions change every few
months,
passes the vampire in white, her figure unchanged
through the centuries.
<Page34>
...No, perhaps centuries is a bit of an exaggeration.
I just remember hearing that vampires are immortal and
can live more or less forever, so it felt like an
appropriate word somehow.
<Page35>
"Shiki, look at that building over there. The narrow
one that's six stories tall. Do you see any lines on
the people entering?"
"...They seem normal. There aren't any Dead going in or
out."
"So it's a miss. On to the next one then. Right, put
your glasses back on. The next one's quite far, so
don't push yourself too hard."
<Page36>
Arcueid had mentioned this afternoon that she'd made
some educated guesses about where the Dead might be
patrolling.
It turned out that she'd found six places in total.
The first two were misses, but the third, a rental
building, was a hit.
<Page37>
The security guard going in and out of one of the
vacant tenant rooms was a cluster of lines of death.
The look on my face told Arcueid everything she needed
to know. She entered the room, leaving me in the
corridor, and came back out again a minute later,
unruffled.
<Page38>
"I'm sorry, this place is also a miss. It was just a
low-ranking Ghoul. We picked over this area pretty
exhaustively yesterday, so they're on high alert."
Although it was faint, I could sense a hint of
disappointment from Arcueid as she shrugged her
shoulders.
<Page39>
"What are you smiling about? Is it really that fun to
watch me fail?"
"No, that's not it. I was just marveling at the fact
that even someone as carefree as you has their down
moments."
<Page40>
". What do you mean by that? I can break and
destroy things, just like anyone else."
I would have preferred it if she'd said she can 'feel
sad and troubled, just like anyone else' instead, but
since that's probably a tall order for her, I just keep
my mouth shut.
<Page41>
We sneak out of the rental building and head toward our
next destination.
The time is close to midnight.
<Page42>
As one would expect, there aren't as many pedestrians
about, and the lit neon lights are also becoming fewer
and farther between.
The brake lights of passing cars.
Arcueid dances down the street like she's trying to
catch up to them.
<Page43>
After striking out a fifth time, we head toward our
final destination.
It appears to be in the residential district.
Arcueid doesn't say it, but I could somehow tell that
this one was going to be the real deal.
<Page44>
"...Man. I understand why we have to do it, but it's
still a pain in the ass.
Being reduced to investigating on foot like this just
feels so hopelessly old-fashioned."
"Slaying vampires has been a hassle ever since the
early days. We're searching the entire city for the
location of the sire's coffin; it's not exactly going
to be easy."
<Page45>
"I see, in that case it's―――wait, I'm not saying I
hate it or anything! I just thought you'd find it
annoying as well, that's all!"
"Hmm? I can't say I really mind it. It's a
paint-by-numbers affair, so long as we methodically
check off the steps one after another, we'll get there
eventually."
<Page46>
I absentmindedly respond with a simple 'I see'.
When it comes to vampire slaying, Arcueid is coolly
rational. She will doggedly pursue and complete any
tasks that might bring her even one step closer to her
goal, no matter how menial they may be.
<Page47>
I suppose that even if you're able to jump ten meters
in the air, it doesn't mean all your behavior is
equally over the top.
<Page48>
...Now that I think about it, the same was true on the
day we first met.
If she wanted to, she's more than capable of pulling
off the same stunts as Vlov. In spite of that, she
simply blended in with the crowd, and searched for
vampires without throwing human society into disarray.
<Page49>
"...What is it? Is there something wrong with my face?
You'll trip if you aren't looking where you're going."
<Page50>
"...Yeah. This really is strange, isn't it?
Hey. Do you really not mind being here with me? Does
the fact we're hunting vampires not scare you?"
<Page51>
"Huh?"
I couldn't help but raise my voice in response to the
sudden question. Or rather, in response to the fact
that she's only now asking it.
She wants to know if I mind being here with her?
I know the answer to that without even having to think
about it.
<Page52>
"I don't mind. Being okay with it or not is splitting
hairs, though.
Our partnership is based on mutual interest after all.
Of course I'm afraid of vampires, but I'll put up with
it for the sake of this city."
<Page53>
'Hmm', mutters Arcueid, seemingly convinced.
With that, our conversation comes to a halt.
In complete silence, we walk down the deserted
sidewalk.
<Page54>
We're a long way from the station now. We may not have
much to show as a result of the past two hours, but
strangely enough, it doesn't feel like that time was
wasted.
The problem hasn't been resolved, but we definitely
prevented the situation from becoming worse.
Perhaps riding that feeling of fulfillment―――
"But, it feels nice to not have to worry."
I speak the feelings I've never put into words before.
<Page55>
"Shiki?"
"I mean, I can rest easy after all. I'm... well,
basically a good-for-nothing. Having someone as strong
as you around is, well, how do I put this..."
―――It's reassuring. My heart can be at peace.
<Page56>
My vision is broken.
Tohno Shiki's cognition is corrupted.
      .
Those obvious conclusions that I've lived with for the
past seven years... They all seem to fade away when I'm
with her.
<Page57>
"Hey Shiki.
Are you saying that you enjoy having me around?"
"Quite the opposite. I mean, I'm hanging out with a
terrifying vampire, right? That's a recipe for
disaster. The only thing I can take solace in is that
at least things can't get any worse."
<Page58>
". What exactly about me is so terrifying?"
<Page59>
"Oh, don't get me started. There's the fact that even
after I killed you, you came back to life and chased
after me,# your ability to treat temperatures of over
3000℃ like they're nothing,# the incident with the duct
tape, the fact you leapt all the way to the top of a
building,# the way you made a total mess of the area in
front of the station..."
...and the fact you used all of your power to protect
me from Vlov's cold waves.
<Page60>
"Not to mention the time you flipped an entire slab of
bedrock over, or when you smeared that mysterious
substance all over someone's body, oh, and let's not
forget showing up at my school in the middle of the
day."
<Page61>
"Right, I think that's enough. I've heard your thoughts
loud and clear!"
"Hmm? Are you sure? I still have a few more to go."
<Page62>
"It's fine, I get the picture!
, well I am just a vampire after all!"
<Page63>
Arcueid ups the pace and starts speeding off.
"H-Hey, wait for me!
I can't keep up if you race off like that!"
<Page64>
I also break into a light jog, and chase after her
retreating back.
Our sixth destination is now just around the corner.
