<Page1>
I sit on a park bench and give my body a chance to
recover.
After about half an hour, the feeling has returned to
my limbs.
I wasn't aware of it at the time, but it seems looking
at the 'lines' on that grotesque Dead really took a
toll on me.
<Page2>
Arcueid is standing in front of the bench.
Ever since she dragged me all the way back here, she's
just been glaring at me―――as you can see.
<Page3>
"...Listen, Arcueid.
My dizziness has cleared up already, so could you stop
looking at me like I've done something wrong?
Besides, if I hadn't stepped in, your wound would have
opened up again."
<Page4>
"That was just a figure of speech. I would have been
fine against a mutation like that. Your body is the one
I'm worried about here. Did you already forget what we
talked about yesterday?"
"You mean about not using my eyes too much? I get it,
I'm not exactly keen on ending up as a cripple myself.
I'll be more careful next time."
<Page5>
".... You're way too laid-back about this. It's
going to be difficult to instill a sense of danger in
you, isn't it?
Well, given that you've grown accustomed to having the
highest grade of 'death' always a hair's breadth away,
perhaps it's not all that surprising. Seriously, I
don't know what I'm going to do with you. Maybe I ought
to give you something to  be afraid of?"
<Page6>
"........."
What is she getting so upset about?
Someone, please, enlighten me.
<Page7>
"If we're talking about high-grade fear, then I felt
more than my fair share back when you were chasing me
down.
And you don't have to tell me that these eyes are
dangerous, I'm already well aware."
After all, I've had to live with them for the past
seven years.
<Page8>
"Plus, if it's about earlier, I'll have you know I
don't normally get so dizzy.
It's just that..."
...Actually, looking back on it, I didn't start feeling
dizzy because I'd stared at the lines of death for too
long, but because I couldn't stop thinking about
Arcueid.
<Page9>
"It's just that... what?"
"It's just that... I was exhausted from all the walking
we did. It may be nothing to you, but humans get tired
you know! Especially after walking for two hours
straight."
<Page10>
"In that case it's fine, but... Shiki, don't you think
you treat yourself a little detachedly sometimes?
Do you hate yourself because of those Mystic Eyes or
something?"
<Page11>
"No, if I did hate myself, it wouldn't be because of
these eyes.
Just so you know, I've never given in to despair,
either over myself or the world around me."
<Page12>
"―――Is that so? That's a little surprising."
Of course I haven't.
I take that fact as a point of pride, a source of
strength.
Someone once told me that even a person like me has a
purpose.
If that's the case, then I don't want to lose myself to
despair before the time comes to fulfill it. It isn't
much as convictions go, but it's that pride which has
carried me this far... So I believe, anyway.
<Page13>
"Besides, it's not like these eyes don't have their
advantages.
Going without my glasses causes a lot of problems,
sure, but the fact that it makes me lose my appetite is
a huge time saver. I've always been a light eater, so I
feel like that works out pretty well."
<Page14>
"...I can't say I understand how the loss in appetite
from the Mystic Eyes has any bearing on your innate
digestive function."
"Ah, well, sorry, that was a joke... It's a little
embarrassing to talk about this seriously―――"
<Page15>
"I'm being serious here. You said that your eyes
weren't something you were born with, but it's possible
that they just manifested late."
<Page16>
"...They just manifested... late?"
"Yeah. It takes a mutation for someone to be born with
psychic abilities, but that mutation can't happen
unless the conditions are ripe for it.
Even if nobody in your family ever had eyes exactly
like yours, it's possible that your parents at least
had something similar.
Although mages generally transplant their knowledge and
circuits onto their children, there are still many
cases where abilities like yours are passed down
through genes alone, and can express themselves
atavistically."
<Page17>
"Passed down through genes... so, from my father?"
"Not just him, it's more like your entire family.
It would be strange to assume that you were the only
special case within the entire family lineage.
In fact, if you have an ability, it's easy to conclude
that it's something that runs in your family. You must
have a bunch of relatives with abilities like that,
right?"
<Page18>
"――――――."
I couldn't help but laugh at such a ridiculous
supposition.
Is she suggesting that it's genetic? That all members
of the Tohno family... that Makihisa and Akiha have
these eyes?
I can say for a fact that isn't the case.
The only strange one in our family is me.
<Page19>
Besides, if I hadn't gotten involved in that accident,
my eyes never would have ended up like this. They
aren't hereditary at all, they're just a complication.
<Page20>
"But I'll take your words to heart. Thank you,
Arcueid."
"Hm? W-Why are you being so polite all of a sudden?
I thought I'd brought up a topic you don't like to talk
about..."
<Page21>
"I don't mind it. Besides, everything you said was out
of concern for my health.
Then there's the advance survey you conducted at the
school earlier today―――you were doing that because
you didn't want me to have to push myself, weren't you?
Even though it's tough for you to be out and about
during the day.
So... thank you. I know I'm in no position to offer my
gratitude after taking so long to realize all you've
done for me, but let me say it all the same."
<Page22>
"But now I want to know: how do  feel?
Is that wound on your stomach really healed like you
said?"
<Page23>
"Hm? Yeah, it healed over just fine... why do you ask?"
"Well, you didn't look too good earlier. Despite not
taking any damage, you looked like you were in pain, or
maybe irritated―――"
<Page24>
"―――?"
Just then, I felt a sudden twinge in my chest.
It wasn't painful―――If I had to describe it, I'd say
it was more of an itchy sensation.
<Page25>
"Shiki?"
"Wait―――What's happening?"
Without quite knowing why, I slip my hand down the
collar of my shirt.
<Page26>
―――.
Something's there...
There's a paint-like substance clinging to my chest.
<Page27>
"What's this... it feels... wet?"
I withdraw my hand from under my shirt.
There, clinging to my palm...
Is a splatter of bright red blood.
<Page28>
"Huh―――――"
.
Yet another odd sensation.
It takes me an unreasonably long time to realize that
it's coming from the old scar on my chest.
<Page29>
"Shiki, that's――――"
"That's odd. It doesn't hurt, and my wound hasn't
opened up―――but I'm still bleeding somehow."
<Page30>
How awfully red.
A red liquid so beautiful, so pure, as to be utterly
captivating.
<Page31>
"...Ah, maybe that guy from earlier grazed me with his
claws?
It doesn't really hurt, and the bleeding seems to have
stopped, so there's no need to worry―――"
<Page32>
Arcueid's still staring at my hand, entranced.
No, that's not quite accurate.
The thing she's staring so intently at is actually the
red blood clinging to it.
<Page33>
"...Arcueid?"
"――――――――"
She doesn't respond.
Even so, I can tell her breathing has grown erratic.
She's panting, gasping as though she's in pain.
<Page34>
"Hey, Arcueid...!
What's wrong? Don't tell me that your wound―――"
<Page35>
I grab Arcueid's shoulder.
――――And then...
She shakes me off, as though she's trying to escape.
<Page36>
"Ar...cueid?"
"Shi―――――ki?"
She calls my name, in a voice that――if only for a
moment――contained an edge of hostility.
<Page37>
"No―――Something like that―――I wouldn't even
consider it."
...?
Arcueid looks away awkwardly.
<Page38>
"What's the matter? You're acting strange.
Your body―――are you still recovering?"
<Page39>
"...Yeah. I might have pushed myself a bit too much.
So... I'll be going now."
"R-Right. Well, you did say that we were finished for
tonight..."
"...Yeah. I'll see you here again tomorrow."
<Page40>
I don't even have a chance at stopping her, let alone
chasing after her.
Without even looking me in the eye, she kicks off and
launches herself into the expanse of sky above.
Like a rabbit, hopping on the surface of the moon.
