<Page1>
They say a soldier values swiftness.
The seeds of disaster are something that should be
plucked before they have a chance to take root.
I'd better lure that lady in white away from the
school, before she has a chance to cause any mischief.
<Page2>
"Sensei, I feel anemic so I'm heading to the
infirmary."
Even as I raise my hand to be excused, I've already
left my seat and started making a beeline for the
hallway.
I don't have time to wait for permission.
Taking advantage of the brief window where everyone is
too startled to react, I hastily make my escape from
the classroom.
<Page3>
"Ah, look who it is!
You sure came running, feeling lively today are we?"
<Page4>
"―――――"
...My mouth hangs wide open.
The target I came to intercept strolled clear across
the campus, and has made it all the way to the inner
courtyard.
Thank goodness. The fact that there aren't any
classrooms facing the courtyard is honestly a godsend.
<Page5>
"But I have to say, this school is rather small and
simple looking.
The impression I got from the outside was that it would
be a lot sturdier and more substantial, I thought it
would just extend on and on, like one of those giant
anthills.
But this is just an ordinary building, isn't it? Yeah,
I like the puppyish aspect of it well enough,
but―――#?!"
<Page6>
"―――You, come with me."
Naturally, I have no time for leisurely greetings.
Without stopping to explain myself, I grab Arcueid by
the hand and start running.
<Page7>
I take us around the back of the gymnasium, which is
generally deserted.
At this hour, having her exit through the main gate
would draw too much attention. The best move here is to
ask her to leave out the back.
<Page8>
"Hey, what are you trying to do, dragging me all the
way over here?
There's nothing interesting back here at all."
<Page9>
Arcueid seems a little peeved, but it's not like school
buildings are particularly interesting to begin with.
<Page10>
"'What are you trying to do?' That's my line!
What are you, some sort of walking bomb?!"
<Page11>
"Huh? Me? ...A walking bomb?"
"Exactly. And that's putting it mildly!
...Listen here. Why are you wandering around during the
day? And why come to my school of all places! You're
weaker during the day, right? Your wounds haven't
healed yet either, have they? Given all that, shouldn't
you be resting until nighttime like a good vampire?"
<Page12>
"Well, you're right, but...
Since you're going out of your way to help me and all,
I thought I'd use the day to try and find some clues.
I didn't want to waste your time again like
yester―――"
<Page13>
"I'm telling you there's no need to go that far. I said
I'd team up with you, so just hold on until tonight. We
can settle whatever needs to be done together, okay?
.... Do you just enjoy making me worry?"
<Page14>
"―――Yeah, I'm sorry."
"No, as long as you understand then it's fi―――wait,
Arcueid?"
<Page15>
"Like I said, I'm sorry for making you worry."
"――――――"
I feel my heart pounding, much louder than is normal.
<Page16>
For Arcueid to meekly apologize like that... Maybe I
just never saw it coming, or maybe it just feels like a
let-down... Or, maybe I simply can't say anything when
she makes that face at me―――
<Page17>
"But you're in the wrong here too, you know. I was
watching you from below for ages, and yet you never
even noticed I was there.
I wasn't sure what the best way to get inside was, so I
was starting to think I'd be better off just running up
to where you were."
"...Wait, hold up. You mean to say that you were going
to run all the way to my classroom on the third floor?"
<Page18>
"Yeah, it looked like there were enough bumps and
hollows that I wouldn't have a hard time getting a
foothold, so jumping my way up back there would have
been a cinch."
"――――――"
I take back what I said.
She's as birdbrained as ever.
<Page19>
"...Thank goodness. If you had done that, then the
class would have been the least of my worries..."
I let out a sigh of relief.
I doubt there were many students who noticed her
wandering around the campus earlier.
<Page20>
"Anyway, it's fine so long as you understand.
...So, out with it. What brings you all the way to my
school? You said something about searching for clues."
<Page21>
"What do you mean? I was simply investigating. Leave no
stone unturned, you know? I can't sense the presence of
any Dead, so I've got to just search for clues on
foot."
"Hmm... well, I appreciate the effort. If you'd done it
at night, I wouldn't have said anything."
<Page22>
"I'll be more careful from now on.
So anyway, I was walking around this area when I
noticed your scent, and that's when I suddenly
remembered that this was the school that you went to,
and then..."
<Page23>
"...You decided to enter the school grounds.
I thought you were like a cat, but maybe you're more
like a dog."
<Page24>
"How rude. I only came here because I discovered
something interesting.
Unlike everywhere else, this place has absolutely zero
trace of the Dead about it at all. It would be remiss
of me not to come see what exactly is going on,
wouldn't it?"
<Page25>
"Huh? No, wouldn't it be fine? If there's no trace of
the Dead here, then surely this place is totally
irrelevant.
In fact, there haven't been any incidents or accidents
happening at the school, and the place totally clears
out at night. If the Dead wanted to attack humans they
would go to the city, not here."
<Page26>
"...Well, I guess you do have a point."
"There's nothing strange around here. I may not be able
to sense the presence of vampires, but I still have
eyes that can see death. If there were Dead walking
about, I would notice that something's off even with my
glasses on."
<Page27>
"Fine, I get it.
I'll take your word for it, there's probably nothing
out of place here."
"It's not , there's  nothing wrong
here."
The look on Arcueid's face makes it clear she's still
not convinced.
<Page28>
"―――Crap, it's already lunch."
While the back of the gym isn't exactly a popular
destination, there will still be one or two students
passing by on their lunch break.
<Page29>
"Anyway, you're going to cause a commotion if you stick
around any longer.
I swear I won't break our promise, so just go home and
get some rest already. We might run into more enemies
tonight, you never know."
<Page30>
"...Hmm. It sounds an awful lot like you're trying to
get rid of me. Is my presence here really that much of
a nuisance for you?"
<Page31>
"It's not that you're a nuisance, my life is just full
of headaches right now!
If you're really that curious, then I'll tell you all
about it at a better time, but for now please just
leave already."
I give Arcueid a nudge on the back, shooing her away.
<Page32>
"........."
Without saying a word, but with a look in her eyes that
speaks volumes, Arcueid takes her leave.
<Page33>
....
With the tension broken, I can finally breathe easy
again.
Now that it's lunchtime, I'd better grab myself some
nourishment in preparation for the rest of the
afternoon... Hmm?
<Page34>
"...?"
I could swear I just heard a faint noise come from the
shadows at the far side of the bike parking.
Acting as though I'm simply taking a casual stroll, I
sidle over to the area that had been hidden from view
by the bikes.
<Page35>
Sure enough, there was nobody lurking around by the
dead end. It must have been a stray cat or something.
