<Page1>
Hisui sees me off as I leave the Tohno residence.
...Akiha's dramatic exit from the living room still
weighs heavy on my mind, but given that Arcueid is the
root cause, even if I were to chase after her to try
and explain, we'd just end up talking in circles.
I feel bad for her, but until the dust has settled on
this incident, I have no choice but to continue like
this.
<Page2>
"...Though, I wonder what would happen. I haven't
thought it through yet, but..."
I wonder if I could choose to be honest and open up
about everything that I've been through...?
Even though there's a chance nobody will believe me,
this is information that could help to keep the city
safe. It's already late in the game, but I should start
spreading awareness about vampires.
<Page3>
"...Yeah, that might work.
Maybe I could start by spreading some rumors on the
internet..."
<Page4>
I take out my phone as I walk.
Whether or not anyone will find it credible aside, I
should just post everything I've learned so far on some
message boards.
<Page5>
Whether people take it seriously or not is ultimately
up to them.
Telling everyone to 'trust me' in all caps would
probably have the opposite effect, but if I just
publish the raw information, there's a chance it could
circulate as an urban legend, and serve as a warning
that way.
<Page6>
"Ah, hello? You there, got a sec?"
"Hm?"
Someone calls out to me, and I stop walking.
<Page7>
When I turn around, I see...
an unfamiliar man in a business suit.
<Page8>
"...Are you talking to me?"
"Yep, you. I mean, I don't see any other kids walking
down this road, do you?"
<Page9>
He's right.
We're on the road in front of the Tohno residence, and
the only traffic it usually gets is the odd car.
The only people that come through here on foot are
probably me and the employees of the Tohno household.
<Page10>
"So hear me out. You came out of that house just now,
right? Could it be that you're a child of one of the
servants that works inside?
In that case, how lucky. Super lucky. Not for me, but
for you. How would you like to earn a little pocket
money? I want to learn a bit about the people of the
Tohno mansion, y'see?"
"........."
<Page11>
I keep my distance, though I can't explain why.
It's not because the man's insincere manner of speaking
rubbed me the wrong way.
It's more that I'm terrified by how intent he is.
I get the impression that he's paying close attention
to my every word, no matter how trifling, careful not
to miss any clues as to my attitude.
<Page12>
"Ah, you think I'm some sort of busybody, don't you?
Well, maybe I am, but I'll make this worth your while,
okay?
What I really want to know about is the guy that just
returned to the family, y'know, the eldest son. He came
back so recently that he hasn't shown up in any photos
yet. Can you tell me what he looks like, what his
favorite foods are, his taste in women, maybe what his
weaknesses are―――#?!"
<Page13>
The insincere man leaps up and down, clutching his
privates.
"Did you get dropped as a baby or somethin', dumbass?
You've obviously got Tohno Shiki right in front of ya."
<Page14>
A kid...?
I guess he was hidden behind the other guy until now.
This boy, who doesn't look like he could be much older
than twelve, must have been the one to kick the man in
the groin.
<Page15>
"A-Are you serious?!
But he doesn't smell like a bourgeois at all, does
he?!"
"And what kinda smell would that be? Think you can
smell money? Or are you talking about the filthy smell
of their hands? You saying that's all the wealthy are?
Filth? Those sound like fighting words to me, fucker."
<Page16>
"N-No, not at all. Maybe some of the   are,
but that's all! You know, like those loan sharks who
squander half their days counting their own money?"
"So you mean guys like my ol' man? Criticizin' your own
boss―――sure feelin' ballsy today, Andou."
<Page17>
What on earth have I stumbled into here...
Maybe I should call the cops and let them deal with it?
<Page18>
"Hey, you, don't just dial 110 without saying anything!
Kids these days have no compassion I tell you, they
just jump straight to doing pointless stuff like this.#
Here, take a look."
"―――Huh?"
<Page19>
I look up from my phone, on which I'd already keyed in
'11'.
The man points toward a black identification card.
This is my first time seeing a police ID card up close,
but there's no questioning that this is the genuine
article.
<Page20>
"A police ID... are you a detective by any chance?"
<Page21>
"That's right. We ain't suspicious. We're detectives.
Metropolitan Police Department, Criminal Investigations
Division 1, Andou Yuugo.
But like, we've been turned away at the front door
since yesterday, y'know.
Even though we juuust wanted a little chat, they were
rather persistent in telling us to come back when we
had an appointment. So here we are, reduced to staking
out the road."
<Page22>
"........."
These have to be the two most suspicious detectives
I've ever met.
...However.
Regardless of whether or not that ID card is the real
deal, I'm curious why they're staking out the area in
front of our house.
I―――
C:> ...Don't like this, but I'll ask what he wants.
C:> ...Think they're bad news. I'll ignore them.
