<Page1>
I finish my lunch and return to the classroom, where I
find Arihiko.
There was no sign of him all morning, so it looks like
he came to school simply to eat lunch.
<Page2>
"Yo Tohno, mornin' dude!"
"........."
This guy really does only turn up when it suits him.
Unbelievable.
If word of Arcueid had spread throughout the entire
school, it would definitely have driven a wedge between
the two of us.
I'm so glad that she decided to go home without making
a fuss.
<Page3>
". What's up with those cold eyes of yours?
Could you stop looking at me with those eyes that say
'It's sad, but those CDs will sell at ten yen each if
we remove the autograph'?"
<Page4>
"Is that how it looks? My bad. I'm a little worn out
from a minor spat I had earlier, so I wasn't able to
hide my true feelings. I'll be more careful next time."
"Seriously? But wait, didn't you just say something
else you should have kept to yourself?"
<Page5>
Arihiko keeps babbling on, but he doesn't return to his
seat. Instead, he's restlessly eyeing up the exit at
the back of the classroom.
Now that he's had his lunch, it seems he's seriously
planning on sneaking back out again.
<Page6>
"Welp, great work today as usual. I'm gonna go and save
the world with a bunch of buddies online.#"
Arihiko cheerfully goes to leave the classroom.
<Page7>
Addressing his retreating figure―――
"Hey. You said before that the north gate was
dangerous, but are there any other places like that?"
I lob him a vague question.
<Page8>
"What are you so curious about all of a sudden?# There
aren't really any spots that are as dodgy as the
department store by the north gate... If you pressed me
on it, I guess there's one? The abandoned hospital in
Kushizuka fits the bill, right? Some biker gang used to
be based out of there up until two years ago, but these
days it's become the sort of place nobody wants to go
near."
<Page9>
"Kushizuka's the town two stops away, right? Everyone
knows abandoned buildings are dangerous though, so it
makes sense that nobody would go near it."
<Page10>
"No, you're missing the point. All the people that were
there just disappeared. Something happened one day and
bam, none of those punks were ever seen again. Nearly
thirty of them went missing, and the police are still
searching for them today.
Though, that place is more like the setting for a ghost
story than the sort of violence that goes down by the
north gate. These days the place looks like a testament
to failed government investment, not even vagrants want
to settle down there."
<Page11>
The homeroom meeting to decide on what the class would
present for the upcoming school festival next month was
unexpectedly contentious.
Various opinions were thrown around, but the opposing
views of the boys and girls proved irreconcilable, and
the decision was postponed until next week.
<Page12>
After-school club activities have been prohibited.
The students all hurriedly make their way home.
<Page13>
"――――Now then."
There's no point in aimlessly wasting my time in the
classroom.
Now that school's over, I―――
C:> Could go check out the abandoned hospital?
C:> Should go straight home and prepare for tonight.
