<Page1>
".... No bite marks on your neck. No strong
reaction to the holy water I soaked these boots in,
either. And to top it off, no change in that funny face
I always liked.
Right, heresy inspection over. You can stand up now,
Tohno Shiki-kun."
<Page2>
Noel removes the foot she had planted on my chest.
Now that I'm free, I stand up and catch my breath.
...Incidentally, my body is in immense pain, but it
seems that I've escaped with nothing more than some
gnarly bruises.
<Page3>
"Here're your glasses. You should be a little more
careful with your belongings."
"...Is that so. I seem to recall dropping them when you
barged in."
<Page4>
I take the glasses from Noel and put them on.
...Now then.
Just what am I supposed to make of this situation?
<Page5>
"Well, these are the sorts of dangers that lie in wait
for handsome young men that go wandering about on their
own. I was just trying to give you a little warning to
scare you off, but I very nearly ended up having my way
with you instead."
She grins sheepishly, as if to say 'Oops, silly me'.
"........."
This is a lot to take in.
<Page6>
"Huh? What's with the lack of reaction?
Didn't you hear about us from that vampire of yours?"
"........."
<Page7>
"So you haven't. I guess she doesn't think small fry
like us are worth mentioning, huh. Well, that's fine by
me, I don't like being the subject of attention much
anyway."
<Page8>
"Fine. I'll give you a quick lecture.
Simply put, you could call me the onee-san of justice
who protects the city? Something like that, anyway.
We're a shadowy organization that protects human
society from those accursed vampires, pretty cool huh?"
<Page9>
Noel chuckles as she speaks, making it difficult to
discern how serious she really is.
Quality of her explanation aside, what she's talking
about does ring a bell.
<Page10>
"...Do you mean to say that you're one of the Executors
of the Church?"
"Yep, that's right.
You're an atheist, right? So this may not have sunk in
yet, but those of the Church are dedicated to
protecting the works of man in the name of our Lord.
Even in a country under the Latter Day of the Dharma,
like the one we're in now."
<Page11>
"The charming, beautiful teacher that suddenly
transferred to your school one day was, in reality, an
exorcist of justice dispatched by the Church ♡"
<Page12>
An exorcist... I think that means someone who purges
demons?
Leaving aside whether vampires are demons or not, it
doesn't seem like she's lying.
<Page13>
"...I understand. This is all so sudden that it's a
little hard to believe, but I believe it all the same.
This marks the second time it's happened, after all.
Thank you very much for rescuing me from that dangerous
situation."
<Page14>
"The second time...? Ah... that's what you mean.
This time was different, though. I didn't just happen
across you when you were in a pinch. I was after you
from the very beginning."
<Page15>
"You were going after me... from the very beginning?"
"Yup. I've been tailing you from the moment you left
the mansion.
My job is to exterminate vampires. If there's a human
out there following a vampire's orders, then it makes
sense I'd want to keep an eye on them, right?"
<Page16>
"――――――"
Her logic certainly makes sense.
But she's basing it on a flawed premise.
It's not like I'm blindly following her orders.
Besides, Arcueid is a good vampire. She's going after
other vampires in order to protect the city, just like
Noel―――
<Page17>
"Well, that's..."
"I mean, normally I'd just jump straight to killing the
vampire, but we're talking about that monster, right?
Unfortunately she'd destroy me if I tried to take her
on alone, and my master got sent away by the boss.
As such, I had to settle for netting some smaller prey
instead."
<Page18>
".... When you say smaller prey, are you talking
about me?"
<Page19>
"Yeah. If that monster's a rabid dog, then Shiki-kun
would be a juicy little shrimp. I think we and the
vampires both agree that you make for some
tasty-looking prey ♡
―――But I have to say, I'm a little confused.
I've been watching you for the past couple of days, but
I don't get the feeling that you're being forced to
obey, and it's not as though your blood's been sucked
either, right? Hey, Shiki-kun. Why are you hanging
around with a monster like that?"
<Page20>
"――――――"
I frown, and bite my tongue.
It wasn't that I was intimidated by her question, so
much as that something about it rubbed me the wrong
way.
<Page21>
"Oh, you're not answering. I wonder if it's because you
want to be friends with that vampire?
I know it's cliché, but were you seeking eternal
life?"
<Page22>
"――――――Huh?"
I cock my head to the side at the mention of eternal
life.
Something like that hadn't even crossed my mind. I see.
Maybe it would be more natural to think along those
lines.
<Page23>
"...No, but..."
I can't see Arcueid going after something like that.
I mean, she doesn't even suck blood. If she won't do it
to create new allies or obtain powers beyond those that
humans are capable of, I can't think of anything that
might persuade her to.
<Page24>
"You weren't? Then why?"
"...That's obvious. We're cooperating to hunt vampires
and protect the city we live in. Simple as that."
<Page25>
I don't square myself up this time, but my eyes are
full of challenge.
...I have no intention of fighting this person.
But even so, I make it clear that I will not brook any
more badmouthing of myself and Arcueid.
<Page26>
"...I see. If you had been bitten, I'd have ripped you
limb from limb, stuffed you, and put you up on the
mantel next to the bullshit you just spouted.
But alas, I can't lay a hand on an ordinary human
being. Yeah, I'll just pretend that I didn't hear any
of that."
<Page27>
Noel turns her back and walks away.
Her attitude is unforgiving, but it seems like her
hostility has died down... No, maybe she simply lost
interest after hearing my response.
<Page28>
"Ah, but be warned. I said earlier that I've been going
after you from the beginning. There's a deeper meaning
behind that.
The Dead Apostle that lurks this city has already been
here for several years.
According to what I heard from my master, it's
different to the True Ancestor in that it didn't just
show up here recently."
<Page29>
"Not all vampires come from somewhere else.
There have been a number of cases where they were
hiding unexpectedly close by for decades. Often in the
          
."
<Page30>
"Do you get it now? You said that you were protecting
your own city.
You might be better off abandoning a vague goal like
that, and focusing on protecting yourself instead."
"―――What do you mean by that?"
<Page31>
"I mean, you saw it right?
That Undead from earlier was going after you. Not the
True Ancestor that's going around killing vampires, but
an ordinary human like you."
"――――――"
". Let's meet again if you're still alive, 
Shiki-kun."
<Page32>
And with that, the woman in the nun's habit saunters
away.
As she leaves, she casts her eyes over the streetlights
and says―――
'Right, time to up the cool factor by flying away. Ah,
but I can't.
I can't jump that high without a run-up now can I～. If
I could, I wouldn't be human now would I～.'
Loudly announcing her thoughts for me to hear, she
descends the hill with her massive spear still in hand.
<Page33>
"...I must say, she's quite the peculiar character..."
I mutter to myself, dumbfounded.
Maybe I shouldn't have, as all of the strength then
drains from my knees, and I fall back against the wall
with a thud.
<Page34>
"But... I'm the one they're after...?"
I knew that working alongside Arcueid would mean
putting myself in danger sooner or later.
But this, this feels different.
I don't know what the reason is, but I have a feeling
that it's not related.
<Page35>
"―――――"
As the tension fades, my dizziness returns with a
vengeance.
Leaning against the wall for support, I begin walking
toward the main gate.
<Page36>
...My chest hurts.
I need to get back to my room, before either I pass out
or my body collapses out from under me.
...I can think about the difficult things later.
<Page37>
...However, the main gate was surprisingly far.
I feel the comfort of my headache fading,
and the disquieting sensation of my body going limp.
With my back against the wall, I looked on as I slowly
but surely drift off to sleep―――
