<Page1>
...I should find out more about their intentions.
I can't deal with them effectively if I don't even know
what it is they're after.
<Page2>
"If you're okay with talking to me, then I'll hear you
out at least...
What do you want?"
<Page3>
"Well, it's about the fire at the north gate.
The security firm that was on the scene both the day of
the incident and the day after, they're one of your
family's subsidiaries, right? I was hoping to talk to
the person that was in charge on the day, but
unfortunately for me, they've already withdrawn. Do you
have their contact info by any chance?"
"―――Oh, is that so? I'm afraid I wasn't aware of
that.
So, unfortunately, I don't think I can help."
<Page4>
"Really? You're the eldest son and you don't know? Well
that sucks. I guess your little sister's the one who
holds all the power, huh?"
"What is it you want to ask them about...? Are you
implying that the Tohno group was responsible for that
fire? I find that a bit preposterous myself."
<Page5>
"Hmm? That's not my intent at all, no sir. It was
spontaneous combustion, pure and simple.
The issue lies a little elsewhere, uh... Well, you're
one of the family members, so I can probably let you in
on it. I'm sure you already know anyway."
<Page6>
"So yesterday, we found something under the rubble from
that cave-in that was rather unpleasant... The
forensics team couldn't make heads or tails of it. Now,
that land belongs to the Tohno family, no?"
<Page7>
"According to the records, around ten years ago, Tohno
Makihisa bought that land, and paid well over market
value for it.
That's the part that I wanted to ask about. Why did he
buy a prime piece of real estate in front of the
station and turn it into something like a park?"
<Page8>
"I haven't got a clue. Makihisa has passed away after
all.
Is that all you wanted to ask?"
"Huh? Wait, are you not going to forward my message to
your sister? I told you who I am and what I'm looking
for, right?"
<Page9>
"Unfortunately, my sister is a very busy person.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. If you wish to
speak with her, then I suggest you arrange to do so
through the proper channels."
<Page10>
I turn my back and begin to follow the road down the
hill.
I know what they're after now...
I don't fully understand the situation, but I'm not
about to let those shady detectives meet with Akiha.
<Page11>
"'Ey."
The high-pitched voice brings me to a halt.
If it had been Detective Andou's then I would have
simply ignored it, but that boy's voice commanded such
authority that I found it strangely difficult to
oppose.
<Page12>
"Playin' hero and all's fine, but know your fuckin'
place. If you want your death to be an ordinary human
one, now's the time to quit."
"What did you say...?"
I stop in my tracks and stare at the young boy.
Did this guy say 'ordinary human death' just now...?
<Page13>
"...What are you trying to say?"
"Said all I wanted just now, dumbass. If ya don't wanna
listen to it, then go die for all I care.
'Ey, we're leavin', Andou. Let's get eatin' already,
goddamn. Get me some cake, alright? Cake that's got
tons of cheese and honey!"
"Yeah, yeah, your wish is my command... Why did I come
all the way to Japan just to babysit this spoiled rich
kid..."
<Page14>
The strange duo get in a car that was parked by the
side of the road, and head off in the direction of the
station.
<Page15>
Those two didn't give off the impression of being
police, but apparently the authorities are keeping an
eye on our mansion... Not only that, but the land in
front of the station where the incident occurred
belongs to the Tohno family...?
"No... that's just a coincidence."
It must be, right?
I mean, the cave-in only happened because of Arcueid's
thoughtless way of doing things. There's no connection
between the killings and the land in front of the north
gate.
<Page16>
"........."
I shoo away my foreboding thoughts.
Pulling myself together, I begin the long descent down
the hill.
