<Page1>
Arihiko suddenly disappeared at the end of the fourth
period. He must have gone ahead to the cafeteria to
reserve a seat for us.
Although I didn't promise to go to the cafeteria, I'd
feel uncomfortable disregarding his kindness.
I'll have lunch in the cafeteria today.
<Page2>
The cafeteria is almost full.
There's a ten minute queue to order.
Arihiko and I sit down at a table, watching the other
students line up with meal tickets in their hands.
<Page3>
"So, Arihiko. Who's this special guest?"
"Mmm. She hasn't arrived yet. I was supposed to meet
her in the cafeteria, but... wait a bit, I'll check on
her."
Arihiko leaves his curry udon and runs away from the
table.
<Page4>
"......"
I opted for chikara udon today.
I hope he comes back before the noodles get too soggy.
<Page5>
"No good, it seems like Senpai has disappeared."
"Our guest is a third-year?"
<Page6>
"Yup, she's an interesting senior. I've been bugging
her for the past few days and finally managed to get
her to agree to lunch.
I heard she's running around the school because she has
other commitments today."
<Page7>
"She seems like a busy person."
"She's not just busy, she's like a fully automated
massage machine."
Arihiko splits his chopsticks, seemingly disappointed.
<Page8>
"Well, I guess we have no choice. Let's dig in then."
"Yes, thanks for the meal."
We both tuck in to our udon.
Still, likening someone to a 'fully automated massage
machine' is interesting... and makes me a little
curious.
I'll ask him about that next time.
<Page9>
"So. What's the real story?"
"What do you mean?"
"The reason why you were in class this morning.
You were lying about Ichiko-san being home. She's got a
day job now, right?"
<Page10>
In between bites of my chikara udon, I pose a question
to the man across from me.
Ichiko-san is Arihiko's older sister. She's one of
those mysterious working adults, and has taken care of
me in the past.
<Page11>
"Ah... I see, so you knew. Well, you know, like.
Tohno, are you going back to your parents' house
today?"
"Yeah I am, but... have we talked about that?"
<Page12>
"We didn't. I heard about it from my sister.
It's just, you know. I wanted to make sure you weren't
feeling blue."
<Page13>
"I see. Well, what do you think?"
"Not an interesting enough show to be worth getting up
early for. Disappointing, very disappointing."
"I'm sorry I couldn't live up to your expectations.
You've got too much free time, Arihiko."
<Page14>
"It's because of that free time that I like gossip so
much. You've been living somewhere else since
elementary school, right?
 I don't know what the reason
was, but it's been seven years since then. Why'd your
father decide to bring his disowned son back now?"
<Page15>
"I wasn't disowned. He just asked me to leave the
mansion for some reason."
<Page16>
"Look, Tohno-kun. If there was a family that randomly
kicked their child out of the house, it'd be more of a
comedy than a tragedy.
But this is one step short of horror! It's so cruel I
can't even laugh!"
'  ', laughs Arihiko exaggeratedly. One of his
strong points is that he never takes things too
seriously.
<Page17>
Truth is, even before I was involved in a car accident
and hospitalized, my relationship with my father was
already strained.
The Tohnos have been a prominent family for a long
time, and their way of life is far from the norm.
What I remember from my childhood is a huge
Western-style building and the pressure of the family's
traditions, which were locked in time to match it.
<Page18>
The Tohno family is extremely wealthy, and a
shareholder in several companies. My father, Tohno
Makihisa, was apparently a mediocre businessman, but
the assets he inherited from his grandfather were
strong enough to keep the company running smoothly.
<Page19>
An anachronistic building.
The life of the upper class, where everything revolves
around decorum and history.
As a child, I couldn't help but be bored by the
lifestyle inside that mansion.
So when I was told that I would be left at the Arimas,
I accepted without much resistance.
<Page20>
I think it was for the best, in the end.
I got along well with the people of the Arima family,
and I treated my stepmother Keiko and stepfather
Fumiomi as if they were my real parents.
Tohno Shiki has always longed for a normal family, and
lived with the Arimas as though he were their actual
son.
<Page21>
I don't think there's anything to regret about that.
Except for one thing――― I can't help but feel bad
about leaving my younger sister Akiha behind at the
Tohno mansion.
<Page22>
Akiha must hate me... hate Tohno Shiki.
I mean, she has every right to hate me.
She was left alone in that huge mansion, living with my
hard-headed father.
It's easy to imagine how Akiha feels about me running
away from her.
<Page23>
"I guess you're right. It's true that if you're kicked
out of the house for no reason, you can't help but
laugh."
"Right? And on top of that, they trotted out some
hackneyed line about 'never setting foot in this
household again'. In the real world, we call that being
disowned.
I never asked before. Why'd they disown you?"
<Page24>
"........."
I wonder...
The problem is that I don't have the answer to that
question myself.
It might have been a series of bad coincidences.
Well, I must have been unlucky in many ways.
<Page25>
"Well, if you don't wanna talk about it, fine."
Arihiko lifts his bowl with both hands and chugs the
broth.
Lunch break is short, so I decide to follow his example
and finish my meal as quickly as possible.
