<Page1>
I walk a new route, back to my new home.
After passing through rows of apartment complexes, I
arrive at a spacious and upscale residential area.
...I'm getting closer and closer to the Tohno mansion.
<Page2>
The scenery around me isn't unfamiliar.
Seven years ago―――I lived in the Tohno mansion until
I was ten years old, and although I only remember it
vaguely, this scenery is a little nostalgic.
<Page3>
My feelings are a bit complicated.
This return trip is both nostalgic and refreshing.
<Page4>
I walk up a long slope.
Houses are disappearing from the surroundings.
―――The smell of greenery tickles my nostrils.
Even though we're in the middle of a city, I can feel
an air that rejects modernity.
<Page5>
Almost all the land from this point on belongs to the
Tohno family.
The mansion where Tohno Shiki lived until he was ten
years old.
All that's left are old memories and a family that
doesn't get along.
...However, now I only have one immediate family member
left in the mansion.
<Page6>
The father that hated me―――Tohno Makihisa, the head
of the Tohno family, passed away the other day.
My mother died of an illness the year Akiha was born.
So, there are only two Tohnos left: me and my younger
sister, Akiha.
<Page7>
Normally, as the eldest son, Tohno Shiki would be the
family heir, but I don't have that right.
Being the heir of the Tohno family means that you're
subjected to a rigid education.
<Page8>
I didn't want to do that, so I spent my time freely. I
can't even remember how many times Makihisa gave me a
hard time about it.
Then, I was involved in an accident that left me with a
physical defect, and Makihisa took the opportunity to
cut me off.
<Page9>
He said, 'Even if you're the eldest son, a weak man
like you who could drop dead at any time cannot be my
successor.'
I defied his expectations and managed to recover, but
by that time, my younger sister Akiha had been chosen
as the heir.
<Page10>
Akiha was already being raised as 'A daughter of the
Tohno family', but once I was out of the running, her
upbringing became even stricter.
I used to play together with her in the mansion gardens
up until I was ten years old―――up until I was
involved in that accident. I haven't seen her even once
since then.
