<Page1>
...No, I'll wait here.
Walking around right after coming back wouldn't help me
calm down.
I should greet Akiha before I do anything else.
She's the current head of the Tohno family, after all.
<Page2>
I spend some time sitting on the sofa.
The view of the yard from the window matches what I
remember.
There's a courtyard the size of four tennis courts, and
a garden at the far end that seems ridiculous to even
measure.
On the other side of the garden, there are more woods,
and if I'm not mistaken――――
<Page3>
"Oh. I thought I'd stop by before leaving, but I didn't
know we had a prior guest."
I gasp and turn around at the sudden voice.
In front of the door to the hallway that connects to
the lobby,
there is an all-black figure, far too strange to be
real.
<Page4>
"Hello, Shiki-kun. Welcome to the Tohno residence...#
Actually, that's not right. In your case, it would be
more apt to say  ."
<Page5>
...The man, probably in his thirties by the sound of
his voice... saunters into the living room.
The fact that he is all-black is not a metaphor.
For whatever reason, he's covered in black bandages;
not only on his hands but all the way up to his face.
It makes him look like a suspicious person in a mystery
novel.
<Page6>
"......Excuse me, who are you?"
"Hmm? You don't remember?
Ah, I see. It's me, Saiki Gouto.
We saw each other a few times when you were a kid,
albeit not like this. Even if you remembered me, you
wouldn't recognize my face."
<Page7>
Saiki...?
Was there a branch of the Tohno family with that name?
No, more importantly―――this person, how should I say
it―――
<Page8>
"It's alright, I'm used to being looked at strangely.
I burned my face in an accident. For a long time now, I
haven't been able to go outside without wearing them.
Sunlight is especially harsh.
Akiha also dislikes me, but   . She is also
partly responsible for this, you know."
<Page9>
Saiki walks over to the trolley, makes himself a cup of
tea, and brings it to his lips.
It's an exaggerated gesture, but it doesn't seem out of
place.
It's a gesture of one born with natural dignity... a
casual elegance.
<Page10>
"However. My, how dare you return just like that."
"...Huh?"
"I'm talking about you, Shiki-kun. You broke Makihisa's
orders and escaped from the mansion, and as a result,
you were involved in a stupid accident and deserted."
<Page11>
"Deserted. Yes, deserted. You discarded your parents'
investment and abandoned your duty. Yet here you are,
back at the mansion, trying to act like Akiha's
brother.
Do you not feel ashamed of yourself?"
<Page12>
"――――――"
About to impulsively stand up, I check myself, leaning
back deeply into the sofa.
There's obvious contempt and provocation in Saiki's
eyes, but there's no point in making a scene here.
After all, there's no mistake in what he said.
<Page13>
"Oh. Don't you have any objections?"
"No, it's true that I abandoned my duty.
But don't you think it's shameful for you to use words
like 'deserted' and 'investment' when talking about
family?"
<Page14>
"I chose those words precisely because we were talking
about family.
Raising a child is an investment in the family's
future. Setting aside the commoners, humans don't have
the freedom to pick their bloodline or nobility.
Freedom... no, egotism would describe it better. These
are rights that you can only acquire after you become
an adult and can carry your family on your shoulders."
<Page15>
"You are a son of the Tohno family, but you didn't
understand that. Unlike Akiha, you're third-rate. Well,
your nerve is first-rate seeing as how you came back
here after falling so low."
<Page16>
"――――――"
"Don't stare at me like that, Shiki-kun. It was just an
objective statement. It's not my personal assessment.
It seems that I have misled you, as I am not opposed to
your return. If anything, I'm in favor of it, and in
the first place, it was the decision of the current
head of the Tohno family. It's not something that I, an
outsider, can say anything about, is it?"
<Page17>
An outsider...?
Then this man isn't from a branch of our family?
<Page18>
"The Saiki family has been on an equal footing with the
Tohno family since my grandfather's generation. In
modern terms, we'd call them business partners.
I was only here on business today. It may have dragged
on for a while, but I got a satisfying response. I'll
be heading home in a good mood.
Ah, the last thing I want to do is spoil your
homecoming with my gloomy appearance. Please, excuse
me."
<Page19>
The man with the black bandages... leaves the living
room with an ironic smile on his face.
<Page20>
"........."
I bite my lip as I recall Saiki calling me a
'deserter'.
It's a very accurate description of my position in this
mansion, just as he said.
<Page21>
"Excuse me."
After exactly ten minutes have elapsed, the girl
returns.
<Page22>
"Hm? Shiki-sama, is there something wrong?"
It seems she's picked up on the fact that Saiki Gouto's
words have me feeling down.
<Page23>
"No, it's nothing. I was just a little overwhelmed.
Thank you for the tea, it was delicious."
<Page24>
"My, I am flattered.
It is my pleasure. Thank you for the kind words."
She gives me a shy smile, which makes me feel warm as
well.
<Page25>
"Well then, let us move to the main topic.
Sorry to keep you waiting. Since Akiha-sama has
finished her business, please come to her office."
<Page26>
I head upstairs via the main staircase in the center of
the lobby.
That office... could be called the heart of the Tohno
family.
It was Tohno Makihisa's private room as the head of the
family, which I was not allowed to enter as a child.
A room used by each successive head of the Tohno
family.
Now, my sister Akiha is waiting for me there―――
