<Page1>
"Yo. Morning, Akiha."
I decide to greet Akiha first.
<Page2>
"...Good morning, Nii-san.
That was a rather lackluster greeting, did you not
sleep well last night? You look like you're on the
verge of collapse."
<Page3>
"Unfortunately, this is just how I look. Don't expect
my greetings to be bursting with energy this early in
the morning."
Ignoring what happened last night for the moment, I'd
appreciate it if she didn't label me as a delinquent
night owl off the back of a single greeting.
<Page4>
"Good morning, Shiki-san.
Breakfast is normally served in the dining room, so
please let me know when you'd like me to prepare some
for you."
On the other hand, Kohaku-san has this soothing effect.
She and Akiha are like... the north wind and the sun
maybe?
<Page5>
"Thank you very much.
But have you eaten already, Akiha? It looks like you've
already moved on to some post-breakfast tea."
<Page6>
"Of course. I don't care all that much what time you
wake up, but I would ask that you at least allow
yourself enough time to have breakfast.
Having breakfast after seven o'clock is a sign you're
getting soft."
<Page7>
I resist the urge to say, 'No, seven o'clock is
normal'. It's this household that's abnormal.
<Page8>
"Hmm. What time do you get up, Akiha?"
"I wake up at five o'clock, what of it?"
"...Never mind, I surrender."
Despite saying something that would be unthinkable for
a normal person, she's wearing an expression that says
'is it really that bizarre?'. I can't help but be
dumbfounded.
I've never heard such a perfect response.
<Page9>
"What do you mean, you 'surrender'?"
"Ah, nothing... Still, why do you get up so early?
Trying not to be late?"
<Page10>
"Listen here. I will  be late. Not unless
something has gone drastically wrong.
Your school is about a half-hour walk from here,
correct? It isn't that far, so do try not to be late.
It would be embarrassing if you were."
<Page11>
Geez, she's prickly as ever.
Unfortunately, everything she said was also right, so I
can't come up with any objections.
It's natural for Akiha to be concerned about the
reputation of the Tohno family. Rather, as the head of
the family, she  to be.
<Page12>
"Yeah, yeah. I'll do my best not to be late, but no
promises about my grades.
And about staying up late―――"
Mid-sentence, I remember what happened last night.
I'm not the type to stay up late, but if something
keeps me up all night then it's all the same in the
end.
