<Page1>
I already heard plenty about vampire fundamentals back
at the hotel.
This time I should ask her something more in-depth.
<Page2>
"You mentioned some people more dangerous than the Dead
from earlier...
The Twenty-Seven Ancestors, was it? You said that Vlov
was one of them, but what exactly are they?"
<Page3>
"Ah! You would ask that, wouldn't you?
Of course you would wanna ask about that!"
<Page4>
"I get it, you're thinking ahead after taking down
Vlov.# You're really getting into this, aren't you
Shiki!"
"H-Huh?"
<Page5>
I guess she was hoping I'd ask her about this.
She's so excited to get into it that I'm actually
starting to get a little worried.
<Page6>
"I've said this before, but the Twenty-Seven Ancestors
represent the pinnacle of the Dead Apostles. You can
think of them as kings.
But in order to talk about the Ancestors, we need to
lay some groundwork first..."
<Page7>
"Ta-da!
Without further ado, let's begin our Advanced Vampire
studies course!"
<Page8>
With a whoosh, a whiteboard appears out of thin air.
I'm already used to it at this point, so I'm not
particularly surprised. I clap my hands in response.
<Page9>
"Applause? Is that what they call a round of applause?
Geez, you've got such a bored look on your face, but at
least that response showed some enthusiasm!"
<Page10>
No, this serious face is just a placeholder, I'm still
grappling with how to react to all this.
Arcueid's the one I'd like to see take things a bit
more seriously.
<Page11>
"Humans that have turned into vampires are all
classified as 'Dead Apostles', however, depending on
their individual abilities and limitations, they're
graded differently.
We represent those grades with these Ranks here."
<Page12>
"I'm going to gloss over some details to keep it short.
Everything up to Rank III are 'living corpses'.
Ranks IV and V are nocturnal 'Nightkin'.
And at last, we have Rank VI, a 'vampire' that is
capable of creating their own community."
<Page13>
"Only those that manage to metamorphose all the way to
Rank VI can become an independent, fully-fledged
'bloodsucker'.
They spawn offspring by sucking people's blood and
corrupting them, eventually coming to stand at the head
of a group they themselves created.
However, they cannot create offspring higher than Rank
VI. For regular vampires, their ascent up the ladder
ends here."
<Page14>
"........."
Vampires transfer their blood into humans, forcibly
transforming them into their personal slaves.
Gather together all the slaves they've produced this
way and you get a vampire 'community'.
<Page15>
If they can't create any children more powerful than
themselves, then surely that would imply that the
hierarchy of vampires caps out here.
However...
<Page16>
"But something originally sired them... So that means
there must exist vampires that stand above regular Dead
Apostles, right?"
"Right. That's Rank IX, .
There are twenty-seven of them, so we call them the
 ."
<Page17>
"I'm jumping around a bit here, but Rank VII are
  .
This Rank consists of those from Rank VI who were
recognized by the Ancestors and granted further
abilities. They're in a completely different league to
Rank VIs, even if they're called by the same name."
<Page18>
"Those who reach this Rank become a contaminant whose
mere presence corrupts the land.
These vampires are heretics that your average Executor
wouldn't even stand a chance against―――
Aristocrat vampires who are allowed to exercise their
own will."
"Huh? What do you mean by 'their own will'?"
<Page19>
"It means that they are no longer slaves.
Greater Dead Apostles do not necessarily show absolute
obedience toward the Ancestor that sired them. They can
even oppose them if they wish."
<Page20>
"Not only that; if given the opportunity, Greater Dead
Apostles can overthrow their parent Ancestor and
inherit their curse.
That said, them taking down an Ancestor is practically
impossible. Even if Greater Dead Apostles have acquired
the same 'freedoms', Ancestors have lived far longer;
they have a hard time surpassing their Lifescale."
<Page21>
"And so, for those trying to take over as an Ancestor
we have Rank VIII: .
Talented vampires that have been recognized by an
Ancestor as a worthy heir.
A prince or princess, so to speak.
There are also some Ancestors who get smitten with a
non-vampiric being, and promote them all the way to
this Rank on the spot."
<Page22>
"A princess...# in other words, someone like you?"
I'm pretty sure I remember Arcueid mentioning she was
royalty.
<Page23>
"Hmm, maybe somewhere among them there is a Dead
Apostle created with attributes resembling mine."
<Page24>
"If we assume there are at least two Rank VIIIs per
Ancestor, then that means there's more than fifty of
them out there. There's a good chance at least one of
them is the result of an Ancestor attempting something
like that.
That said, I am fundamentally different to them, so no
matter how hard they try, the best they'll ever manage
is a pale imitation."
<Page25>
"But I won't deny that Rank VIII vampires are extremely
powerful.
How to put it. Just in terms of how much they've
accumulated, they stand head and shoulders above Vlov."
"――――――"
They're even worse than Vlov...?
And there's over fifty of these monsters...?
<Page26>
"Aha, I knew it.
Did the desire to kill whip your blood into a frenzy,
Mr. Murderer?"
"Far from it. This is what we refer to as being
petrified with fear, Ms. Vampire."
<Page27>
I respond in the way a human should.
I may have decided to help her out, but this is
something I have to emphasize: there are some things
that humans simply cannot do.
<Page28>
"So we've finally reached the topic at hand, Rank IX.
These Twenty-Seven Ancestors represent the apex of the
Dead Apostles, right?"
<Page29>
"Correct. They're ancient Dead Apostles who once broke
free from their role as emergency food, winning their
independence, and establishing themselves as completely
different beings.
Crimson stains that dripped from the moon and fell upon
the earth.
They are extreme contaminants, each in possession of a
world that will forever be at odds with any other.
Beings that give birth to Rank VI Dead Apostles, and
consume humans like you to top up their unnaturally
long lifespans."
<Page30>
"They are also the ones who laid the foundations for
vampiric society as we know it today.
They each vary in the extent of their Lifescale,
but those who were active before the Common Era are the
 ,
and those who came after are the  ."
<Page31>
"Going back to Vlov as an example, over the span of the
past hundred years he went from a Rank VI to Rank IX...
He killed his parent Ancestor, and took their place as
a new young blood Ancestor."
<Page32>
From a vampire's perspective, Vlov was a Dead Apostle
that had only recently become an Ancestor.
Arcueid explains to me that this is why he openly
showed himself in the city, and caused such carnage
with no regard for tradition or appearances.
<Page33>
That's great and all, but I'm not really concerned
about the rules vampires are supposed to follow.
What I really want to know more about are those strange
abilities of his.
The curse that made his presence alone enough to
smother the world around him in a bitter chill.
The flames he spread just so he could bear that same
cold.
That's not the sort of power that anything with human
form should be able to obtain.
<Page34>
"I don't get it...
Regardless of their lifespan, Dead Apostles are still
nothing more than an extension of humanity, right? And
I mean, no matter how long-lived, a human wouldn't be
able to pull off stuff like that.
There's something more to these Ancestors, isn't
there?"
<Page35>
"Yeah. In fact, the number of years you've lived has
absolutely no bearing on whether you become an
Ancestor.
What makes an Ancestor an Ancestor is the character of
their blood."
<Page36>
"The foundational sanctions engraved onto their souls;
The truths they have each been crowned;
 The worldviews that underpin their thirst;
The singularities that paint over the planet's physical
laws just by circulating their blood.
The  ――― ."
<Page37>
"Idea Blood―――"
That's it.
That's what the bottomless 'rift' I saw nestled at that
man's core must have been.
<Page38>
"Well, put simply it's a 'crown'.
Dead Apostles who inherit this blood ascend to Ancestor
status, regardless of the Rank they held before.
That said, a millennium-class base is required in order
to operate the Hemonomic Principle. So even if some
random Dead Apostle that had only been active for a few
hundred years inherited it, they'd be crushed by its
curse."
"You mean like Vlov?"
<Page39>
"Sure, but... now that I think back on it, that guy
looked like he was able to withstand it pretty well.
He was only Rank VI as far as Dead Apostles go, so I
wonder how exactly he managed to maintain his sense of
self so well..."
<Page40>
"Well, I get the picture that they're not a group of
people you want to mess with.
But by some stroke of bad luck, one showed up in our
city, and we dealt with them.
I'm not sure I want to hear the answer to this, but...
Is that something that will have angered the other
Ancestors?"
<Page41>
"Ah, you don't have to worry about that. The
Twenty-Seven Ancestors are mostly at odds with one
another.
There isn't a single Ancestor that would lose sleep
over Vlov disappearing on some faraway island."
<Page42>
"So there won't be any retaliation from them, right?"
"Nope. Only a handful of them are in league with one
another.
We'll be fine so long as we don't mess with the five
old bloods of the    .
That said, it's not as though each and every one of
them has it out for humans, and a number of Ancestors
have already been defeated."
<Page43>
"'The Twenty-Seven Ancestors' indicates the way they
are, rather than their number. In reality there are,
um... twenty-one Ancestors left, I think?
There's the Principle Vlov inherited from Offenbaum,
the Principle of 'Ripening', the Principle of 'Castle,#
thence Kingdom',
the Principle of 'Sword',
and two that were sealed by the Church: the Principle
of 'Melting',
and the Principle of 'Four Limbs'..."
<Page44>
"These are the ones that have been lost over the past
three thousand years.
The Church takes centuries to prepare and carry out the
sealing of even just a single Ancestor, yet despite
that, they've only pulled it off twice.
So? Are you starting to understand how amazing it is
that you managed to defeat Vlov?"
<Page45>
"Well... most of it was thanks to you.
And amazing or not, my main takeaway is that I never
want to do something like that again."
"You can rest easy there. There aren't any of the
Twenty-Seven Ancestors left in this country."
<Page46>
That's good to hear.
We'd really be in trouble if the sort of monster that
can overturn a plan hundreds of years in the making
were to blithely show up now.
If they did, I guess we'd be better off calling in the
Self-Defense Force.
