<Page1>
Only a few minutes have passed since I stopped by the
convenience store.
It's about half an hour earlier than I'd usually be
going to school.
<Page2>
There aren't many students visible on the sidewalk.
In about ten minutes, the main gate will be crowded
with students, but for now, there are only two or three
of them, myself included.
Unlike that time, there's no sign of the unbelievably
beautiful woman sitting on the guardrail, waiting for
someone.
<Page3>
In the schoolyard, the sports clubs are in the middle
of their morning practice.
With a sidelong glance in their direction, I head
toward the entrance.
I like moving my body. It makes me feel alive.
<Page4>
However, I wasn't able to join any clubs.
Because I have chronic anemia, there's a chance I'd let
the rest of the team down when it counts. Plus, my
doctor also strongly insists that I refrain from
overexerting myself.
<Page5>
My freshman year, there were a couple of clubs that
offered to let me join.
Whenever they did, I always turned them down by saying
'maybe next time'.
And each time, I felt an indescribable sense of
estrangement.
<Page6>
...And so, here we are.
I suppose I've been avoiding getting involved with them
in any way, operating according to some sort of
subconscious self-defense mechanism.
<Page7>
"........."
I put a stop to my sentimental musings.
Silently cheering on my kindred spirits in the sports
clubs as they give it their all, I continue toward the
main school building.
<Page8>
"Oh, what have we here? Good morning, Shiki-kun, aren't
you a little early?"
"Uh... Yes, I got the time a bit mixed up.
Good morning, Noel-sensei."
<Page9>
On my way to the classroom, I bump into Noel-sensei.
She seems pretty shocked to see me, I suppose she
wasn't expecting to run into anyone here at this hour
either.
<Page10>
"So you lost track of time, but instead of showing up
late, you ended up coming to school too early. That's
your style, right? The diligent type. You're still
young though, surely it wouldn't hurt to take things a
little easier while you can?"
"I'm taking it easy, believe me. It's not like I love
studying or anything.
Ah, while I have you here, about my unexcused absence
last Friday..."
<Page11>
"Oh, that. Relax, I didn't inform your family about it.
It's totally normal to boycott a day every once in a
while. Besides, Shiki-kun, it's more convenient for you
this way, right?"
<Page12>
With a suggestive chuckle, Noel-sensei says something
rather out of character for a teacher.
...That helped me out.
Or rather, I think it saved me. Akiha would have been
significantly angrier at me if she'd discovered I was
absent on Friday.
"――――――"
I get the feeling that Noel-sensei's education policy
is just a tad too lenient.
<Page13>
"Oh, Shiki-kun, you're such a wet blanket.
It's not like I'm not serious! It's just that I respect
my students' independence!# I mean, all of you are so
young and delicious-looking. I think it's only natural
you'd want to live life on the edge and go fool around
for a day or two."
"N-No, it's not like I was going out and messing around
or anything..."
<Page14>
"Juuust kidding, it's just a joke.
I know, I know, it's the usual anemia, right? An honest
boy like you would never go around playing with fire
like that.
So, is your body doing okay? Does it still hurt
anywhere?"
<Page15>
...She really had me worried there.
In truth, Noel-sensei's joke hit the nail right on the
head, but I'm not about to tell her that.
<Page16>
"My anemia? I'm in really good shape this morning."
<Page17>
"I see. That's great. Then, from today onward, you can
go back to your carefree student life.# By the way,
about your condition―――how long have you had it?
Were you born with it?"
<Page18>
"No, I wasn't born with it. I was involved in an
accident when I was little, and I've had it ever
since."
"I see... that's very unfortunate. So that's why you
don't exercise and have such a small appetite.
So, what was it like?"
<Page19>
"Excuse me?"
I couldn't help but raise my voice at her cryptic
question.
As if licking her lipstick-laden lips with her tongue,
Noel-sensei says―――
<Page20>
"Like I said, I'm asking you what kind of accident it
was.
It was the sort of injury that leaves your body all
strange, right?
It must have been incredibly painful, right? So
terrifying that you wanted to scream? Almost as if you
died for a moment, before being born again?"
<Page21>
"――――――"
...An indescribable chill runs through me.
Not in reaction to Noel-sensei's insensitive remarks.
She's just got an insatiable curiosity, or perhaps more
accurately, I should say she has an inability to read
the room. That much has been clear since she started
here.
What gave me pause is that I realized I don't actually
remember the details of the accident at all.
<Page22>
"...It was just a normal accident. I'm fine now, it
wasn't such a big deal. It's almost time for class, so
if you'll excuse me."
I bow to Noel-sensei and walk past her.
<Page23>
"Shiki-kun."
I turn around in response to my name being called.
<Page24>
"If you're feeling well, then do your best to keep
things under control going forward. It's in your best
interest to not take any more days off ♡"
With something like a wink, the returnee from France
turns and heads toward the staff room.
<Page25>
I thought I'd be the first to arrive, but several of my
classmates are already in the classroom.
"You're early, Tohno. What happened on Friday?"
"Morning. I was sick on Friday. What about you? Is
morning practice over already?"
<Page26>
"Don't get me started. Both last night and this
morning, we got told to wrap it up early and be more
concerned about our own safety. We just switched team
captains too. How's the new guy supposed to take charge
under these conditions? It's nuts, right?"
<Page27>
It had looked like everything was business as usual for
the athletic clubs, but I suppose even they have been
affected by the vampire incident.
Well, they just need to wait it out for a little while.
The incident will soon fade away and club activities
will return to normal.
<Page28>
Five minutes until homeroom.
As I sit here, reflecting on how lovely it is that the
day's classes are about to begin without incident―――
<Page29>
"Yoo-hoo, slacker! GOOOOD MORNING!"
"――――――"
A voice calls out from behind, ruining my morning.
<Page30>
"Yo, Delinquent-kun! Nice absence on Friday!
Thanks to that, this morning is going to be even
more... even more... energetic?# What? Weren't you
asleep for the whole weekend or something?"
<Page31>
"I wasn't in bed the whole weekend, I'm not that much
of an invalid.
I was a little under the weather on Friday, but I
started feeling better after I got home. It didn't feel
worth it to go all the way back to school, so I took
the day off instead."
<Page32>
"Seriously? I can't believe it only took three days for
the listless, laid-back lifestyle of that opulent
mansion to turn you into an aristocrat.# Man, as usual
nothing bothers you, huh. Look at Mr. Adaptable over
here, with his 'wherever I lay my hat is home'
attitude. I'm not jealous at all, no sir!"
<Page33>
Arihiko's bluff is a sight to behold.
We could all stand to learn a thing or two from his
rebellious spirit.
<Page34>
"For the record, I'm not used to it at all.
Besides, you haven't even seen how huge that house
is... Hmm? Arihiko, you know about the Tohno mansion?"
<Page35>
"Nope, not a thing. I mean it's on top of a hill, and
it's surrounded by walls and trees, right? Without a
way to get inside the grounds, there's no way I can get
a glimpse of the mansion itself.
I gotta say, the voyeuristic side of me does want to
see it. But I mean, your house's security or whatever
is amazing, right?"
<Page36>
"Like I would know... Ah, wait, I think Keiko-san told
me there are actually a handful of burglaries each
year, though for some reason, the police never seem to
be in a rush to show up. Have you really not heard
anything about burglars making it into the mansion up
on the hill?"
<Page37>
"Dude, that's... If you've got multiple burglars
breaking in every year, and the police aren't showing
up... isn't that pretty bad? Is your house an antlion
pit or something?"
"How do you figure?"
The burglars are getting caught before the police even
have a chance to show up, I'd call that pretty good
security, not pretty bad.
<Page38>
"No, that's my point. The burglars don't make it out
again, do they?"
"Oh, I get it. If that's the case, then that'd be why
no rumors have spread."
<Page39>
We nod gravely to each other.
...We were terrified to think any deeper on the topic,
so we both do our best to change the subject.
<Page40>
"Oh, yeah. Did you see the scene left by the incident
on Saturday? That big fire by the north gate of the
station. I heard the outbreak started underground."
"...No, I haven't seen it yet. I've heard a bit about
it, though."
<Page41>
"Look, there's the department store in front of the
north gate they were about to remodel, right? The park
that was in front of that is totally caved in. Just
absolutely wrecked. It's probably gonna take them like
a year to fully rebuild it.
But hey, it's not all bad news. Now that there are
security guards and TV news crews crawling all over the
place, those idiots at the north gate have gone into
hiding."
<Page42>
"Is that so... Oh, what about the hotel at Kuramibashi
Station?"
"The hotel at Kuramibashi, you mean that Dome Hotel?
Ah... that's right, there was a fire there as well. The
fallout from the one at the north gate was so much
bigger that I totally forgot about it."
<Page43>
...I can't blame Arihiko for his lack of discretion.
Even though so many people burned to death in that
incident, to Arihiko, it's just a story from the next
town over.
Thanks to the constant stream of news we're subject to
in this day and age, no matter how tragic an event is,
it will always be eclipsed by the next lurid news story
and pushed out of the public consciousness.
<Page44>
"...But still, that doesn't make it any less
disturbing.
Anyway, what's happening on your end? In spite of your
anemia, I don't think I've seen you take a single day
off since middle school. Though, I've seen you pull the
stunt of going home right after showing up a couple
times."
"Yeah, it was something along those lines. I made it
about as far as the intersection, but then I started
feeling sick, so I just went back home."
<Page45>
"Hmm. You and Yumizuka have both been misbehaving
lately, haven't you?"
"I can't deny that my behavior has been less than
perfect lately, but... What's the deal with
Yumizuka-san?"
<Page46>
"She's been absent since Thursday. She didn't show up
this morning either. She's always been an honor
student, but maybe she was sick of sitting in tenpai.
Though, she can't win now if she's in furiten."
"........."
Arihiko's analogies are... unique, shall we say#.
<Page47>
"Oops, well, that's it for me.
Farewell, study hard to make up for all the things you
missed on Friday!"
<Page48>
Arihiko cheerfully leaves the classroom.
He must be going to hide in the infirmary or something.
It seems like today it's his turn to skip class.
