<Page1>
By the time I'm finally released from Arcueid's
one-sided handshake, it's almost nine o'clock.
<Page2>
Just thinking about everything that's happened since I
got back is enough to make my head hurt, but now that
I've decided to help out, the night is still far from
over.
From here on, the vampire extermination begins in
earnest.
<Page3>
"...So, what do we do now?
I assume we just keep walking around the city searching
for more Dead?"
<Page4>
"Yeah. If we wipe out all the Dead in this city, then
their vampire sire will have no choice but to come out
of hiding.
That's all we can do right now, but..."
Arcueid gives me a look, as if asking whether I'm
really okay with it.
<Page5>
"You don't have to ask me, wherever you go, I'll
follow. You're the expert after all, so just tell me
what to do."
<Page6>
......
This girl's just standing there watching me, an
outsized grin on her face.
<Page7>
"What? Did I say something strange?"
"Nope. I was just marveling at how honest you are."
"........."
...Maybe I should be a little more brusque with her
from now on.
I get the feeling that if I keep buttering her up like
this, she'll ask me to do something outrageous again.
<Page8>
"Let's go. We just need to wander around the city,
right? Should we go back and take another look at that
underpass from earlier?"
<Page9>
"No, there's no need to revisit that area.
The Dead are each assigned their own non-overlapping
routes, both to prevent them from trying to feed on
each other and to ensure that the victims aren't all
clustered around the same location.
The number of Dead that will go out to feed on a given
night is planned in advance. I'm pretty sure the one
from earlier was the last of them, but... Since you're
already here, we might as well search for a little
longer."
<Page10>
"Everything is planned out so that they don't consume
each other... I'm surprised at how well-orchestrated
this all is. I'd been under the impression they were
just acting at random."
<Page11>
"Well, think about it from the vampire sire's
perspective. They aren't just collecting blood for fun,
it's a vital requirement for them to continue existing.
It's work, so of course they'd value consistency and
reliability."
<Page12>
"Hmm, so the Dead are a pretty crucial labor force.
Though, if that's the case, won't the enemy start to
take countermeasures soon?
Since you've been out here thinning the herd, maybe
he'll start to deploy them in even greater numbers? Or
maybe he'll have all the Dead withdraw and go into
hiding..."
<Page13>
"This guy is stingy by nature, right?
However, as a vampire, he has no choice but to milk
other people for their blood and energy if he wants to
survive.
That's why even if the sire knows that I'm after him,
he still has to send his Dead out to gather the bare
minimum for subsistence."
<Page14>
I see...
Arcueid's modus operandi is to attack the enemy's
supply lines.
<Page15>
Working out where in the city the sire is sleeping
would be far too difficult.
So instead of searching for him, she plans to smoke him
out.
Cut off from their workers, and by extension the
nourishment they need to keep on living, the sire will
eventually have no choice but to take action
themselves.
<Page16>
As soon as the enemy goes on the move, Arcueid will be
able to sense their presence.
...That's where the vampire slaying comes in.
Just like when we put our lives on the line to kill
Vlov, we'll face the one responsible for these
incidents head-on and exterminate him.
<Page17>
"Okay, I'm up to speed. Each night, we just need to
patrol the city and keep an eye open for any Dead that
are still out and about, right?"
<Page18>
"Yeah. On that note, Shiki―――Would you be willing to
take off your glasses while you're accompanying me?"
"Take off my glasses? ...Why?"
<Page19>
"Because it's more reliable that way.
I can sense the presence of human and non-human beings.
You can visually perceive the difference between the
living and the Dead.
It's not like we have many other ways of finding them,
right?"
<Page20>
"―――――"
...I understand what Arcueid is getting at.
I was the one that said we should cooperate, so it's
not like I can refuse.
But moving around without my glasses on is―――
<Page21>
"I'm sure it will place a significant strain on your
body.
However, since we have the opportunity, there's
something I want to confirm one more time.
If you think you can handle it, then take off your
glasses and follow me."
<Page22>
...Walking around the city without my glasses on, huh.
In the seven years since I've received these glasses,
I've never once tried something like that.
<Page23>
I mean, just seeing things with my glasses off is
enough to give me a headache. It's easy to imagine what
would happen to me if I were to then go wandering
around the city without them.
Even so―――
<Page24>
"......"
...I'll be fine, it's just a headache after all.
It's nothing compared to the pain that Arcueid is
dealing with right now.
<Page25>
"Alright, I'll take them off.
If doing so makes things easier, then it's a
no-brainer."
<Page26>
"―――I see. Then let's get moving."
I take a single deep breath, remove my glasses, and
walk toward the city.
<Page27>
Walking side by side, Arcueid and I move through the
crowds.
The last time I walked amidst a landscape this riddled
with scribbles was back when I was first hospitalized.
<Page28>
"――――"
I don't feel any dizziness so far.
I guess simply looking around isn't enough to give me a
headache.
Though, the thin lines that are present on the
buildings aren't the real issue. It's when I look at
the 'lines' on the people walking down the street that
I start to feel ill.
<Page29>
...I just can't stop my thoughts from turning dark.
It's not as though the people covered in lines make me
feel sick, per se.
What makes the bile rise in my throat is the fact they
remind me how cheaply―――how easily the life of a
human being can be snuffed out.
<Page30>
We wander amidst the bustle of the city's nightlife.
Arcueid doesn't utter a single word the entire time.
She simply marches resolutely onward, as though she has
some ultimate destination in mind.
<Page31>
Over the course of about two hours, we visited every
prominent location around the station.
In the end, we didn't turn up even a single person with
the abnormal '<lines|d e a t h   >' we were searching for.
<Page32>
"Shiki, you can put your glasses back on now.
As I thought, there aren't any more Dead tonight."
<Page33>
I put on my glasses#.
I feel a sense of relief as my vision returns to
normal.
<Page34>
"Should we really be giving up so easily? We only did
one lap of the city."
<Page35>
"Yeah, one look around is all we need. Traces of
someone's presence linger around for a while, even
after they're gone. Despite that, I didn't pick up even
a hint of the Dead anywhere in the city.
It's possible that the Dead from earlier was the last
one out collecting food. From here on, we'll be
grinding our way through the Dead on the next rung up."
<Page36>
"You seem upset, Arcueid."
"Of course I am. Even though you came all this way for
me, it was a total bust. . I really wanted to show
you my cool side too."
<Page37>
"――――――"
...
Now that I know what's got her down, I start to feel
the urge to do something about it...
<Page38>
"W-Well, I don't really mind if it ends up being a
waste of time... If you're that unhappy about it, then
why don't we take another lap around the city?
I'll see if I can sharpen my senses this time around as
well. You never know, we might still be able to find
something."
<Page39>
"No. I can't let you push yourself any further
tonight."
"What do you mean? I'm not pushing myself that hard..."
<Page40>
"But you are. You just haven't realized it. Even now,
your face is extremely pale. Come on, sit down on the
bench. You'll be able to relax a little that way,
right?"
<Page41>
Arcueid firmly ushers me over to the bench.
Well, if we're being honest, I do actually feel like
I'm on the verge of being sick. I'll just take a seat
for the time being.
<Page42>
"Ah..."
Even that small comfort is enough to make me let slip a
sigh.
I wonder if sitting down released the tension that had
been holding me together, or if the fatigue that had
been building up simply hit me all at once. Despite my
shoulders feeling heavier, I feel a lot better
overall... I guess that's proof I really was pushing
myself.
<Page43>
"Thanks... I needed that.
But, this really doesn't come close to the headaches
that I've suffered from in the past. There were times I
got such bad vertigo I thought I was about to lose
consciousness, this is nothing in comparison."
<Page44>
If I rest here for a little while, breathing deeply as
I allow the night breeze to play over me, my nausea
should fade in due time.
My problems are trifling compared to Arcueid's wounds.
That's why you don't have to worry―――#Arcueid?
<Page45>
"You're a frail creature, so don't push yourself.
You think you're fine just because you didn't faint?
You're dead wrong. Simply using those eyes of yours at
all puts you in danger.
You shouldn't strain yourself to make out things you
can't see. If you abuse your brain like that, you run
the risk of turning into a cripple."
"Huh? Who's going to become a cripple?"
<Page46>
"You are! Why don't you feel any sense of danger?!
To think that you're a pacifist despite being in
possession of such rare Mystic Eyes! Do you have any
idea how juicy of a target this makes you? You've
honestly done well to make it this far. Normally,
someone would've plucked you out and gobbled you up by
now!"
<Page47>
...In what country would that be considered normal?
Or rather, I'd appreciate it if you'd stop looking down
on one of the most law-abiding countries in the world.
Call me a peace-loving idiot, but isn't it amazing that
we've maintained this degree of public order for so
long?
<Page48>
"...Fine. I didn't want to tell you all this, but let
me explain things to you properly."
<Page49>
"Ready? Shiki, you said that you could make out the
lines of death on living things a lot easier than you
could on inanimate objects, right?
The reason for that all comes down to the transmission
lines in your brain.
The death of things. We say that you're 'seeing' the
fate of an object, but in reality, it's a bit more
nuanced; it's more like you're 'reading' it than
'seeing' it."
<Page50>
"All events have a foundational cause: an absolute
first.
The point where the universe began, yet also the point
where it will end.
At this point, there is an 'archive of all things'.
Though it's less of an 'archive' and more of just an
'existence'; not really information. It is 'existence',
nothing more. It has no will unto itself, and no
possible directive either. It simply lets causes flow
out of itself, almost like it's this  ."
<Page51>
"Everything that exists in this world flowed from that
maelstrom, and all things derive their current form
from it. You and me, bloodsuckers and humans... all
nothing more than atoms that originated there.
By now we are all too far removed――too hopelessly
complex, to return to that initial cause... Anyway, you
should at least be able to understand that such a
'first' exists, right?"
<Page52>
"But you see, no matter how far removed we become from
that foundation, we are still existences that were
derived from it. As such, we are still connected to it,
even if by the thinnest of threads."
<Page53>
"The Source of all things: a record of the beginning
and end of everything.
To be connected to it would be to 'discern' the end of
all existences.
In higher animals, the brain is what governs the
faculties of reception and transmission, but in nearly
all humans, these transmission lines are non-receptive
to things other than themselves. However, among them
there are those who have dormant lines that 
receptive; Humans who aren't otherworldly beings, yet
are still capable of enacting supernatural phenomena
without the use of Magic Circuits."
<Page54>
"These are what mages classify as .
Mutants who, in spite of being human, are inherently a
kind of Magic Circuit in and of themselves.
―――Like, say, a person who has never studied the
arcane but is able to see the 'death of things'."
<Page55>
"――――――"
...I'm sorry, Arcueid.
I know you've gone out of your way to tell me this, but
my brain can't keep up with this conversation at all.
<Page56>
"It's fine. You don't have to understand any of it.
The only thing I wanted to say was that you shouldn't
force yourself to look at things that are hard to see.
Since I can't perceive any of this, I can't be certain,
but I'd imagine those 'lines' aren't the only thing you
see. Separate to the 'lines', you can also see their
originating 'point', can't you?"
"――――――"
<Page57>
She's spot-on...
When I'm concentrating on trying to see the lines, if I
try hard enough, I also start to see points as well. In
fact, during the final moment I spent face to face with
Vlov, I could see a giant vortex-like 'point' inside
his body.
<Page58>
Now that I think back on it, that wasn't the only time
I've seen them.
Whenever I do, I'm assailed by a <phantom pain|s h o c k     >, as
though my brain is being hacked off at the stem, and I
lose consciousness. But I definitely still see those
points.
<Page59>
"Right...# Back then―――back when I killed you, I'm
certain I saw those points. There were a bunch of them,
and the lines flowed from point to point, as if weaving
them all together."
<Page60>
To use a metaphor, they were like blood vessels.
If the lines are blood vessels, then those points are
something that gives rise to those blood vessels.
<Page61>
"'Lines where things are prone to death' and 'death'
itself... I wonder what it all means.
If you really wanted to, I think it'd be possible for
you to see the death of inorganic matter. But in order
for your brain to do that, its transmission lines would
have to go from being receptive to the living
frequency, to being receptive to the inanimate
frequency, and then try to understand their death.
But in reality, that is an impossible task. If you
overload your brain like that, you will stop working."
<Page62>
Stop working... huh?
"Do you mean that these eyes won't be able to see death
anymore?"
<Page63>
"Absolutely not. Shiki, what do you think happens to an
engine that's blown out from being pushed too hard?"
"It's destined for the junk pile, right? If an engine
seizes up even once, it's never going to work
agai―――"
<Page64>
Ah, so that's what she meant.
Simply put, the headaches I get from looking at death
are like the screaming of an engine pushed past its
redline.
<Page65>
"Do you get it now? Just looking at things that appear
easily should be no problem, but you should stop trying
to see the things that can't be seen.
If nothing else, at least stop when you reach the point
where your blood vessels start to burst and put a
strain on your brain. If you go any further, you may
end up living out the rest of your days as a
vegetable."
<Page66>
"You should show some appreciation for the mage that
created those glasses for you.
Most psychics use their powers without knowing the
risks, and end up crippling themselves as a result.
Though... given that they're destined to be outcasts
from human society despite being human themselves,
maybe they're better off that way."
<Page67>
"―――――"
"That seems to be the reason I'm here.
I'll give you your old life back."
<Page68>
Having said that, Sensei then created these glasses for
me.
...I owe such an incredible amount to her that it makes
my heart ache.
On that day, seven years ago, that person saved the
Tohno Shiki of today in more ways than one.
<Page69>
"By the way."
"?!"
<Page70>
As I sat there grappling with these profound emotions,
Arcueid popped up right beside me and peered into my
face.
My heart can't take that right now.
We just had a good talk, so I would've liked it if
she'd been a bit more respectful.
<Page71>
"What do you want? If it's about the glasses, I'm not
handing them over."
"It's not that.
What do you want to do now? It doesn't seem like any
more Dead will come out tonight, so do you want to call
it a day?"
<Page72>
"......"
The time is now eleven o'clock.
The curfew of the Tohno residence has long been broken.
I―――
C:> Talk with Arcueid a little longer.
C:> ...Had better get going.
