<Page1>
I really ought to deepen my understanding of
vampires...
Vampire sires, and the Dead they keep as underlings.
I'll ask her about their relationship in more detail.
<Page2>
"Hmm... That's a pretty mundane topic to pursue."
"Well, sorry for starting with the basics. Weren't you
the one that said everything follows from the
fundamentals?"
<Page3>
"Wow, just what I'd expect from the  that
constructed the pyramids with nothing but their human
strength! So dependable and reliable.
Alright then, tonight let's crack open our textbooks
for Intermediate Vampire Studies and delve into the
structure of vampire society!"
<Page4>
It's not a course that I particularly want to take,
but... I was the one that signed myself up for it.
I'll stay quiet and listen to what Arcueid-sensei has
to say.
<Page5>
"I say that, but it would take way too long to explain
their whole history. For now, I'll limit the scope to
our current enemy: the Dead Apostles.
The majority of Dead Apostles are traditional types,
and so the way they reproduce... propagate is by
sucking blood to increase their numbers.
I don't need to explain this any further, right?"
<Page6>
"Yeah. The whole Suzerains and underlings thing, right?
One leader commanding a large number of workers...
something along those lines?"
<Page7>
"Yeah. Those workers come in different varieties as
well.
We touched on this before, but here are the Ranks."
<Page8>
"First we have Rank I, .
These have no will of their own, and are merely puppets
that follow their master's orders. If the master
doesn't command them to do anything and leaves them as
corpses, they will eventually die.
Basically just cannon fodder. They are just beings that
have had their blood sucked and replaced with that of
the vampire. One of the type of creature we
collectively refer to as the Dead."
<Page9>
"Next we have Rank II, .
Although they have a will, they're incapable of
deliberate thought. These Dead are able to emulate the
appearance they had while they were still alive.
The magical energy of their sire prevents them from
decomposing entirely, but they're still falling apart
on the inside.
Since their brains are in the process of rotting away,
they are ruled by their instincts; as a result, they
are far more ferocious than the Rank I Dead. I guess
you could call them the rank and file. Also a part of
the Dead, by the way."
<Page10>
"Rank III, .
From here on, we're dealing with creatures that could
arguably be referred to as vampires.
Living corpses, the Undead. Their cognitive abilities
aren't what they once were, but they can still blend in
with human society on their own.
These are higher-ranking soldiers, whose brains have
been completely reconstructed since their initial
death. Sunlight doesn't faze them either. However,
their true form can easily be exposed if they don't
take pains to keep themselves properly embalmed.
And that's all for the 'Dead' category."
<Page11>
I see...
I guess there are grades even to these zombies... these
'Dead'.
So basically, the higher their rank, the more they
develop from ordinary corpses, to ones that can take
action.
This has got me wondering...
<Page12>
"Not to go off on a tangent, but who was it that
started calling these things 'Corpses' and 'Ghouls' and
so on? Was it you?"
<Page13>
"Sorry to disappoint, but this terminology was the work
of the Church. It's a handy set of terms, so people
picked up on it, and eventually it became a de facto
standard in the Magecraft world.
The real question is,       
  ... Well, it doesn't really
matter."
<Page14>
"Next we have Rank IV, .
These undead retain the personality they had when they
were alive, and act as vampire apprentices.
Their physical abilities far outstrip those of a human,
but the price they pay for it is to suffer extreme
chills and thirst. These are low-ranking knights,
fledgling vampires if you will."
<Page15>
"If a vampire of Rank VI or above sucks the blood of
their prey carefully, little by little... then that
victim will start out as a Rank IV vampire. If a
Nightkin is exposed to sunlight, they may become
anemic, but it won't cause them to burn up.
In the Magecraft world, this is the final Rank that
people would still consider to be a 'person'."
<Page16>
"Vampire apprentices... so does that mean they're no
longer classed as 'Dead'?"
"Yeah. Vampires that reach Rank IV can survive even if
they're separated from their sire. From the sire's
point of view, they've gone from 'things' to 'living
things', or something like that.
Only about one in a thousand reach Rank IV."
<Page17>
"Next we have Rank V, .
The vampiric curse runs so deep in their blood that on
top of the capabilities of Rank IV vampires, they are
also capable of manifesting an ability that is either
inherited from their sire or intrinsic to the
individual themselves.
These are high-ranking knights: fully-fledged
vampires."
<Page18>
"And finally, we have Rank VI,  .
Completely independent 'bloodsuckers'. Through
bloodsucking and corruption they can create offspring,
though not ones higher than Rank VI.
As an upstart, this is about as far you'll go. You
could say that vampires of this rank are like a citadel
unto themselves.
The vampire lurking in this city belongs to this Rank.
They're calamities that 'sire' offspring in the form of
underlings, eating communities whole."
<Page19>
"That's all for the Dead Apostle class system. Anything
else in particular you were wondering about?"
"Which Rank would Vlov fall into?"
"He would of course be Rank VI, a Dead Apostle.
Technically, he managed to skip a few Ranks beyond that
one, but that's a story for another time."
<Page20>
"Alright, one more question. This is the big one.
You said that it was a class system, so who decides it?
Or rather...  is it decided? If vampires propagate
themselves by sucking blood, why are these all so
different from one another?"
<Page21>
"Ah, that's a very astute observation.
That's the greatest flaw of the Dead Apostles... or
rather, what distinguishes them, I guess?
Not everyone who has their blood sucked by a Dead
Apostle is able to become a vampire, nor do Dead
Apostles turn just anybody into a vampire."
<Page22>
"Spawning underlings and feeding are two different
things.
Humans who only have their blood sucked simply die
without turning into vampires.
But if the Dead Apostle instead transfers some of their
own blood into the human, it will take control, and
then kill them. Afterward, they are reborn as cursed
vampires.
These Ranks are a representation of the depth of their
curse."
<Page23>
"So... that means that guy from earlier wasn't killed
and then later resurrected...# his 'sire' killed him
with the express intention of turning him into a
vampire."
<Page24>
"Yeah. However, creating underlings isn't a walk in the
park. It's not quite that easy for vampires to expand
their clans.
If it's just a Rank I Corpse they're after, they can
forcibly turn people into their soldiers just by
killing and then transferring their blood into them.
But to increase the number of Rank II vampires and
above, the victim's own talents# and aptitude become
necessary."
<Page25>
"Aptitude...? Aptitude for what, exactly?"
"Something like an immunity against bloodsuckers, I
guess?"
<Page26>
"Most humans don't have this aptitude. As a result,
once they've been injected with vampire blood, the
vampire can use their own powers to control them. It's
like a disease that keeps the human working for them
even after death.
But you could hardly call that a high-quality
underling. Underlings that can't even fend for
themselves would be a huge burden for the vampire sire.
Having to personally tend to each of your workers every
time you wanted to have them do something would be
putting the cart before the horse, no?"
<Page27>
She's right.
Vampires that have sired a bunch of Dead usually spend
most of their time sleeping in their coffins.
As I understand it, vampires that have been alive for a
long time aren't very fuel efficient. As such, even if
they don't take action very often and use up their
blood, they still need their servants to collect it for
them.
 So it would go against that purpose if they needed to
expend their own energy on those underlings.
<Page28>
"Humans who do possess that aptitude can fend off the
vampiric curse.
Past that, it's just a question if they can survive.
Whether they lose to the vampire blood and perish, or
overcome it and are reborn.
The corpses that are being found in this city are
humans who had that aptitude, but ultimately succumbed.
The end result is simply a corpse of someone that has
been 'killed', abandoned in the street. Since the Dead
can move around on their own after they've been killed,
the only bodies that would remain to be found are those
of people that couldn't turn into them, right?"
<Page29>
"I see... If you turned into one of those zombies, then
you wouldn't leave a corpse behind."
"Exactly. The victims you see highlighted on the news
are actually the exceptions, not the norm. They had
enough aptitude to catch the attention of the vampire,
but ultimately passed away as humans."
<Page30>
"Around one in a hundred people possesses this
aptitude. Of those, only the ones that can adapt to and
withstand the foreign substance that has entered them
are able to become a Rank IV vampire or higher.
People often say that vampires are like a pyramid
scheme in this regard, but it's not like they can turn
just anyone into their kin by transferring their blood.
In fact, as times change, the number of beings that can
truly be called 'vampires' is dwindling."
<Page31>
"........."
Arcueid said that it isn't so easy for them to grow
their clans.
For vampires, 'minions' and 'offspring' are two
different things.
The Dead that Arcueid took down earlier was nothing
more than a 'minion', only capable of basic tasks.
<Page32>
"So, does that mean the man from earlier had already
been killed long ago, and was following the vampire's
orders without any sort of awareness of what he was
doing?"
<Page33>
"Whether they're aware or not would depend on their
Rank.
Rank Is are nothing more than automatons, but Rank IIIs
still have functioning brains. They are able to
comprehend what kind of creature they've become, yet
continue to serve. They make the conscious choice to
kill humans, and send the blood to their vampire sire."
<Page34>
"Wait... that can't be right.
These are people that were killed out of nowhere and
then woke up to find that they'd been turned into
moving corpses. They've obviously been forced into
doing this against their will."
<Page35>
"I've run into Dead like that before... ones that
begged for their life with excuses along those lines.
'I'll be killed if I disobey.'
'I was only doing what I was told.'
In other words, they kill other humans because they
don't want to die. How is that any different from
killing of your own free will?"
<Page36>
"――――――Well, that's..."
"Dead that are still lucid will say their hands were
tied, that they had no choice in the matter.
But they still had the option to go against their
master and die. Despite this, they chose to kill
humans. That sure reads to me like they're killing
their former kin of their own volition."
<Page37>
"Well, not that it matters to me either way. I'm simply
out to kill anyone that's connected with the Dead
Apostles."
<Page38>
"........."
I'm speechless...
What Arcueid said was correct. It makes complete sense.
But the logic behind it is that of a vampire... of a
powerful being.
We humans do not live our lives so correctly, nor do we
live our lives so simply.
<Page39>
"And there's one more thing I need to clear up. The
underlings  defy their sire.
The vampires we call Dead Apostles grant their
underlings free will. It's as if they are inviting
those underlings to turn against them, to challenge
them. Vlov is a perfect example of this: a vampire who
killed his sire and in doing so became a Dead Apostle."
<Page40>
"Listen, I need you to remember this, Shiki.
The vampires classified as Dead Apostles... they
actually love humans.
No, it's more like they love the things that humanity
embodies. That's why they can be as cruel as they like.
You humans are the primary... no, the sole creatures on
this planet capable of extinguishing life   
    ."
<Page41>
'The things that humanity embody'... Like intelligence
and emotions?
Arcueid said something earlier.
That humans cannot comprehend the death of inorganic
matter.
In the same way, rocks and animals cannot comprehend
the death of humans.
The death of another's emotions... their psychological
suffering... these are things only humans can take
pleasure in.
<Page42>
"Are you telling me they're left with this freedom just
so they can suffer?
I don't get it... Why would a vampire do something like
that? That's just so meaningless, so sickening."
<Page43>
"I guess so. I won't deny that vampires are quite
sickening.
But this behavior is limited to Dead Apostles. Those
who were bloodsuckers from the start would never do
something like this."
"Hmm?"
Those who were vampires from the start...?
<Page44>
"That's right... you mentioned that there are two types
of vampires, didn't you?
Those that started off as vampires, and those that were
once human but became vampires.
So... by 'those that were once human' you mean the Dead
Apostles, right?"
<Page45>
"Yeah... more or less.
There are some who became immortal as a result of
Magecraft, while others had their blood sucked by a
True Ancestor and became their underlings."
<Page46>
"Shiki... you said that it was sickening for that man
we killed earlier to be used like that, but there are
far worse fates out there. There are those among the
Dead Apostles with even more unimaginable ways of
amusing themselves."
"Amusement―――Are you saying that they kill humans
and turn them into playthings just to amuse
themselves...?"
<Page47>
"I won't deny it...
For Dead Apostles, entertainment is as important as
breathing.
While they were once short-lived humans, as they've
come close to immortality, imperfect as it may be,
their greatest foe has become boredom.
Unlike us, they became immortal with no clear goal in
mind. The moment they attained that immortality, they
lost all of their material wants.
Since their goal was immortality in and of itself, I
suppose it was a foregone conclusion."
<Page48>
"What the hell... Playing around just because they're
bored, don't give me that crap.
Besides, if you don't have to worry about dying from
old age, shouldn't that be more than enough? What kind
of entertainment could they really need?"
<Page49>
"That's the thing―――unfortunately for them, it 
more than enough.
But because of that, their lives end up having no
meaning at all.
Intelligent beings that recognize the pointlessness and
stagnation of their own lives lose all point to their
existence."
<Page50>
"Being gradually worn down scares them so much that
they start to devise their own amusement. It's as if
they're trying to affirm to themselves that they're
still alive, that there are still things they can
enjoy. Such is the origin of the aristocracy."
<Page51>
"They came up with their own little game, mimicking
humans by building empires of Suzerains and expanding
their influence#.
A pithy name for it might be the Kingdom of the Dead. I
would never have guessed it, but they seem to find it
quite engrossing."
<Page52>
"I've said this before, haven't I? That they like to
pretend to be human.
In order to amuse themselves, Dead Apostles distribute
their own blood to the humans they fed on and killed.
One in ten thousand corpses will survive against the
odds, mature, and eventually kill their own parent and
become a new Dead Apostle."
<Page53>
"Through their military exploits, the knight becomes a
ruler.
From there, they strive to someday dethrone the
king―――Without engaging in such games, they wouldn't
be able to go on living.
I suppose that's how delicate the lives of the
diabolical are.
Even assuming that you were immortal, if your life has
no meaning, then you're no different than the air."
<Page54>
Arcueid shrugs her shoulders, as if to dismiss it all
as ridiculous.
By all rights, she ought to be no different from the
vampires she's described, but there's no sign that she
shares such tastes.
