<Page1>
...That's right.
Kohaku-san is probably busy enough as it is with her
duties as a maid. I'll ask Professor Arach to handle
this instead.
<Page2>
I may have a bit of a hard time feeling at ease around
her, but I can't deny that she's a professional.
Since she specializes in surgery, I should have her
examine my wounds.
There's also a chance I suffered some heavy bruising as
a result of my scuffle with Noel-sensei last night, so
it might be wise to have her check for that too just to
be on the safe side.
<Page3>
"I came because I heard you'd requested me personally,
but...
My dear man, there doesn't appear to be anything wrong
with you? I rushed over here expecting some excitement,
like a blown-off arm or a gouged-out eye, so I have to
say this has left me feeling a little frustrated. Ah,
you could take that as being sexual, but I mean it more
in terms of my intellectual thirst, mmkay?"
"........."
<Page4>
Despite continuing to grumble discontentedly along
those lines, Professor Arach dutifully performed a
thorough medical examination for me.
I was a little worried about whether my legs were
recovering properly after that battle against Vlov, so
after she was done listening to my heartbeat and
checking my pulse, I asked her to give them a once-over
as well.
<Page5>
The results were all normal. No problems.
Professor Arach isn't able to contain herself, pouting
and grumbling that 'just who am I supposed to be, 
?'.
<Page6>
"Well, your temperature is a little low... Okay, this
is getting a little boring, so why don't I give you an
injection or two!
Hmm, how do you feel about trying a placenta one this
time?
Normally this is used as a nutritional supplement for
women, but I highly recommend it."
<Page7>
...I guess she's talking about the extract derived from
a woman's placenta.
People mostly use it as a beauty treatment to improve
their skin, but it can actually also help you recover
from fatigue, and even combat the effects of aging.
<Page8>
"Yes, please. I've actually had it a couple of times
before, back at the clinic that used to take care of
me."
<Page9>
"Oh my. I'm glad you're so easy to convince. You must
be pretty used to pain, hm? Just what I'd expect of a
young man with a poor constitution."
"I wouldn't say that. The bulk of my treatments were
taken orally. I only received injections every now and
then."
<Page10>
"I see, I see. Right, let me see that arm of yours
again.
Okay,  ♡# taking out the affected region and the
patient's heart in one fell swoop ♡"
...That might be the worst needle-prick sound effect
I've ever heard.
<Page11>
With the injection complete, the medical examination
comes to an end.
However...
<Page12>
I would have expected Professor Arach to leave now that
her work is done, but she simply stays exactly where
she is, staring intently at my body.
<Page13>
"P-Professor? Was there anything else?"
"Yup. I caught a glimpse of something during the exam
that has me a little curious.
Shiki-chan, could you whip those clothes off for me?"
"H-Huh?! Y-You want me to get naked?!"
<Page14>
"Yep, yep, yep. Ah, but I don't need you to strip all
the way down. After all, I don't want to be killed by
Matriarch-chan just yet.
I just want to get a good look at your upper body!
... you have an incredible scar on your chest,
don't you?"
"―――So  what you meant. Well, sure, I guess."
<Page15>
I don't particularly want to do this, but since
Professor Arach is a doctor, I have no real reason to
refuse her.
I take off my shirt and sit on top of the bed.
<Page16>
"! Splendid, how splendid! Juicy as maple syrup! I
thought I already knew how fine your arms were, but
seeing them laid bare like this has me all riled up!
Even if I were locked away in a cellar all winter, I
wouldn't go hungry if I had Shiki-chan around!"
<Page17>
Professor Arach pokes and prods me all over my
shoulders, upper arms and sides, looking like she's
thoroughly enjoying herself.
Combined with her rather revealing garments, I have to
admit I find myself struggling to suppress my baser
urges.
<Page18>
"...Ummm, weren't you going to look at the scar on my
chest?"
"Oh, so I was. My bad, my bad.
...Hmm. . I see... I'm not sure what they used, but
it seems to have healed over nicely. You may be frail,
but perhaps your metabolic functions are ordinary after
all. Or maybe it was just that survivable. Aaah, how
utterly disappointing. There isn't anything
particularly wrong with this either. I get the feeling
there's not much for me to do here?"
<Page19>
After two minutes of careful examination, Professor
Arach gets up from the bed, curiosity seemingly
satisfied.
<Page20>
"But I must say, that is quite the scar. Not just in
human terms, either―――even the vampires you see in
movies would die from something like that.
I wonder how much it hurt at the time?
Just imagining it makes my heart go wild ♡"
<Page21>
"I-Is that so? I was told that it was a fragment of
flying glass that did it."
I got a little flustered by the sudden mention of
vampires, and blurted out an unnecessary explanation.
<Page22>
"What's that, you don't remember? You don't remember,
do you?
In that case, let's save that topic for another time.
You did only just return, after all. Besides, it's not
like you could run away now, no matter how hard you
try."
―――Hold on.
Is it me, or did this woman just say something strange?
<Page23>
"Just kidding! Don't worry about it, nothing to see
here!
Well then, it's time for me to take my leave. Maybe we
can meet again when the time is right, hm?"
<Page24>
Professor Arach leaves the room, her heels clicking
against the floor as she goes.
...What was that about?
I'm not sure why, but her retreating figure reminds me
of a spider slinking toward its prey.
