<Page1>
On second thought, I'd rather have Kohaku-san do it.
My anemia is a product of fatigue, but along with a
prescription for some nutritional supplements, I should
also ask her for something to help with the eyestrain
and vertigo.
<Page2>
Though, I'm not keen on letting her get too close a
look at my body.
I have a number of scrapes and scratches from my
scuffle with Noel-sensei last night, and if by some
chance I did develop some more significant bruising, I
doubt I'll hear the end of it.
'Shiki-san, you brute. How did you manage to hurt
yourself this badly?'
I can already picture her scolding me for it.
<Page3>
"Geez, Shiki-san you grunt!
How did you manage to hurt yourself this badly? Your
back is completely red!"
"Yeah, sorry. I regret my actions."
<Page4>
It's been less than a minute, and as I predicted, she's
already forced me to remove my shirt and gotten cross
about what she's found.
I'm also intensely curious just what Kohaku-san was
picturing when she called me a 'grunt'.
<Page5>
"I was walking back from school, and tripped on my way
up the hill.
Wham, out flat, kissing the ground."
"Well, you have my sympathies...
I'll prepare a compress, so please just sit tight for
the time being. Ah, actually, if you wouldn't mind
checking your temperature while I do, that would help
me out."
<Page6>
With the first-aid kit she brought still in her hand,
Kohaku-san stands up from beside the bed.
I vacantly watch her back as she goes to leave. She
really is impressively meticulous; she could just as
easily leave the first-aid kit here.
<Page7>
"―――Damn, I'm really out of it.
Kohaku-san, you can leave the first-aid kit behind.
You're coming right back, after all."
<Page8>
"Ah, no, this kit is full of medicines to calm the
mind, so I'm switching it out for one tailored toward
treating bruises.
And besides, look. This room is so nice and clean, it
would be inexcusable for a servant to clutter it up
with their personal effects."
<Page9>
"I see. But you don't have to worry about my room. It's
not like I care that much about tidiness."
"Is that so? But I think your room looks quite
refreshing."
<Page10>
"That's only because I don't have many belongings.
Though, I suppose that's just due to the way everything
shook out."
<Page11>
"That reminds me, the only luggage that we received
from the Arima family was your clothes. Do you not have
any other personal belongings?"
"Nope, the things I put in my bag were all I needed.
I brought everything I hold dear with me when I came
here."
<Page12>
The first day after I returned to the mansion, I took
all my belongings out of my school bag and tucked them
away in the desk drawer.
If I'm ever kicked out of the mansion again, I only
have that one drawer's worth of stuff to pack, so it's
convenient in that sense.
<Page13>
"...I'm sorry. If it had been me...
When you were entrusted to the Arima household,
Makihisa-sama confiscated all of your personal
belongings, correct...?"
<Page14>
"Huh? No, it's always been like this. There was never
anything I really wanted, so I didn't have anything to
pester my old man for.
Ah―――I don't actually remember much from around the
time of the accident though, so I can't be entirely
sure."
<Page15>
I think back on the time I spent alone in the hospital.
No one had come to visit me, and I was so terrified of
seeing the lines of death that I ran out of the
hospital.
I met Sensei as a result, though, so I suppose it
worked out pretty well for me in the end.
<Page16>
"That reminds me... I can vaguely recall stopping by
here just once after my stay in the hospital.
But the only thing I can really remember is being
called into my old man's study."
<Page17>
When I got there, I was served a letter stating that I
was no longer fit to serve as the eldest son of the
Tohno family.
<Page18>
"I'm sure that you must've been tired after your long
stay in the hospital.
Being under medical care can be quite mind-numbing, so
perhaps you were still feeling a little bleary that
day?"
"I think so. After all, I had been in the hospital for
almost half a year.
Although it felt to me like it had only been a month."
<Page19>
". That's a good thing, Shiki-san.
Spending half a year in the same room would be an
unpleasant experience even if you weren't in the
hospital.
Normally at that age, you would want to be playing
around instead."
<Page20>
It's just as Kohaku-san says.
The fact that my time in the hospital felt short was
thanks to the people around me treating me well.
I have nothing but gratitude for the doctor who saved
my life, and for the kind nurses who took care of me
over the course of my stay.
<Page21>
"Oh, silly me, I got too caught up in the conversation.
I'll be back shortly, so please stay right there for
me, okay?
If you sneak away because you dislike medical care,
I'll be forced to label you as a capricious kitty ☆"
<Page22>
Leaving me with a supernova of a smile, Kohaku-san goes
to fetch a compress.
