<Page1>
"...Akiha's gone to school.
Kohaku-san left to go shopping, and Hisui is busy
cleaning on the first floor..."
<Page2>
Right now, I'm the only one in this corridor.
Rummaging through a dead man's room may be against the
rules, but I'm a member of this family, aren't I?
It can't be  big of a deal for a son to enter his
father's room.
<Page3>
The room at the end of the corridor is locked.
I take my glasses off and sever the line on the lock.
<Page4>
...There's no going back now.
I glance around the corridor to confirm nobody has
spotted me, then slip inside.
<Page5>
"What's up with this room... Why's it so dark?"
You can't make a room this dark just by drawing the
curtains.
I put a hand on the wall and start groping for the
light switch, but then think better of it.
<Page6>
Turning on the lights might alert someone on the
outside to my presence here.
It's possible I'm just being overly cautious, but I'll
limit myself to using the light on my phone to look
around.
<Page7>
"...Huh. It's a lot tidier than I expected."
The interior design is reminiscent of the office that
Akiha now uses.
Well, our old man was still using this room up until a
month ago, so no surprises there.
<Page8>
Even the bookshelves are still arranged as he left
them.
The only puzzling thing here is why it's so damn dark.
I point my phone toward the window to try and spot
what's going on with the curtains.
<Page9>
"――――――#Huh?"
There I find―――
A bizarre seal, the sort you'd never expect to see in
an ordinary room.
<Page10>
"...An iron... grille...? But why...?"
It's enough to make me doubt my own eyes.
But, unbelievable as it is, the thing in front of me
now is definitely real.
The window in Makihisa's room has been completely
sealed shut.
<Page11>
It's not dark in here because of a few blackout
curtains blocking all the sunlight.
It's because this massive iron grille has been firmly
secured over the entire window.
The grille looks as though it's designed to prevent
anyone entering from outside.
Or perhaps...
its purpose was to keep something locked inside.
<Page12>
"........."
This is bad.
I don't know what this darkness is trying to reveal to
me, but I can tell it's a secret that should never come
to light... This place is a cage built to contain
madness.
<Page13>
I need to get out of this room immediately.
Nobody can know that I was in here. Not Akiha, not
Kohaku-san... nobody.
<Page14>
If they were to find out―――
I have a suspicion that there would be no going back to
the relationship we've enjoyed up until now.
<Page15>
"Wait... I've already come this far, why am I getting
cold feet now?"
I press on, lighting the way with my phone.
I'm curious about the bookshelves, but I don't have
time to go through them right now.
<Page16>
Having a look through the drawers in Makihisa's desk
takes priority.
I don't know what exactly I'm looking for, but my old
man was extremely meticulous.
There's a good chance they contain documents pertaining
to the company, Akiha, or even myself.
<Page17>
There was nothing in the desk drawers.
Or at least, nothing in the first two, which were
already unlocked.
The third drawer is shut tight.
I guess that nobody was able to open it after he died,
so it just got forgotten about.
"......"
Once again, I take off my glasses and 'kill' the lock.
<Page18>
"...A book? Is this a diary?"
Inside was a bundle of old papers and a thick diary.
The papers... seem to be the Tohno family tree.
<Page19>
"Why is something like this in here... This paper looks
really old, too."
I wonder how many generations have left their mark on
these pieces of paper.
There's no mistaking it.
Below the name of Tohno  are the names of Tohno
 and Tohno .
They're there, but―――
<Page20>
"...What's this. That old man adopted a child nine
years ago... Ah, but they died from an illness soon
after."
<Page21>
Nine years ago... I would have been eight years old.
I know it was a long time ago, but even so, I don't
remember them at all.
...Maybe he had a child with a mistress, and was
keeping them a secret somewhere outside the mansion...?
Was someone so unbearably uptight as Makihisa even
capable of a thing like that?
<Page22>
"...Yeah, no way that's what happened.
But... all of the family heads have been surprisingly
short-lived. The old man passed away before he hit
fifty, the one before him died in an accident at
thirty-five... Their predecessor committed suicide at
the age of eighteen..."
――――Wait, hold on.
Something definitely doesn't add up here.
<Page23>
I scan over the family tree again, taking a closer look
this time.
...There's no mistake.
All the members of the Tohno family have died under
unusual circumstances.
Suicide. Accident. Murder. Disappearance.
...Not a single one of them has peacefully lived out
their natural lifespan.
<Page24>
"......"
The unbroken sequence recorded here can only be
described as a curse.
Stranger still is that the majority of the deaths were
suicides.
The heads of the Tohno family repeatedly took their own
lives, some before they even became an adult, others
not long after―――
<Page25>
My vision begins to grow dim.
I feel as though all my blood is pooling in the back of
my head.
My limbs have become unsteady, and my breathing is
gradually getting more and more labored.
I try and escape the dizziness and unpleasant
premonitions by turning my attention back to the diary.
I turn over the page. The date reads 2004.
...The year the child Makihisa adopted died of an
unknown illness.
<Page26>
I scan the text written in the diary.
The handwriting fits my old man perfectly. Concise, but
neurotic.
I read the day's entry aloud, speaking as though
delirious with fever.
<Page27>
"...The Tohno family is cursed.
All children born in the modern era are... of...
atavism resulting from..."
<Page28>
This was written over ten years ago. The ink has
blurred to the point where I can barely read it.
<Page29>
"...Of course... myself, and my children, are also no
exception.
Akiha in particular... looks... strong. Thinking about
my children's future brings me sadness... According to
the doctor that I was referred to, if she receives
strict instruction from an early age... her genes..."
<Page30>
"...They say that surgery is necessary tonight as
well... I can't let Akiha know... I'm sure my daughter
resents me for it. She must despise me for being so
harsh to her for no discernible reason. It's all
because of the Tohno...
But I'm relieved. No matter how similar... Akiha's
blood... may be, compared to her brother, she is far
more human."
<Page31>
...What the hell is this?
The Tohno family is cursed...?
Atavism? Performing surgery on Akiha?
And that final line... who was he referring to?
Her brother. Her brother. Her brother.
That has to be me, I don't know who else―――
<Page32>
"Good afternoon, Shiki-kun."
...My stomach... hurts...?
The wound on my chest has gone numb many times before,
but this sort of experience is a first.
<Page33>
A sharp, stabbing pain, as though a scorching iron rod
were searing my internal organs.
I start to lose feeling, first in my toes, but the rest
of my body soon follows.
I begin to collapse, clutching at the desk for support,
but my outstretched hands can't hold on forever and I
crumple to the floor, landing on my back.
<Page34>
"That diary is bad news. After all, it hasn't been
properly redacted yet. Not that I'd intended to let you
see it anyway."
"............"
My consciousness fades.
That man is―――definitely―――
<Page35>
"I was hoping to have you stir up that immature family
head a little longer, but   .
I don't know how you managed it, but I'm afraid that
obtaining that key sealed your fate."
<Page36>
...I realize that my breathing has already stopped.
The lines of death, my headache... They felt so
concrete, but they're gone now.
...I see.
Only now that things have come to this do I realize.
That annoying headache would actually have saved me.
<Page37>
I mean, without it, I'll never be able to wake up.
The body of Tohno Shiki, which had been doomed from the
start, falls deeper and deeper into a sleep from which
it will never awake―――
