<Page1>
...I appreciate that Akiha is concerned for my health,
but I can't break my promise with Arcueid.
<Page2>
"...Alright, I'll behave. Nothing but rest for me
tonight."
I lie back down on the bed.
<Page3>
"Do you mean that? You're not going to sneak out of the
room later, right?"
<Page4>
"...Come on. Do you really think I'd be able to give
you the slip with my body in this state?"
"―――Alright. You make a valid point."
Akiha slumps her shoulders as she breathes a sigh of
relief.
<Page5>
"Hisui, go inform Kohaku that Nii-san has woken up.#
Nii-san, what do you want to do about dinner?"
"Hmm, dinner might be a bit much... Give my apologies
to Kohaku-san, but I don't think I can stomach eating
anything right now. I'll be better off going to sleep
as-is tonight.
Ah, but I should be able to manage something liquid. If
we have any vegetable juice, that would go down great."
<Page6>
"Understood. Hisui, please relay what he said to
Kohaku."
<Page7>
"As you wish.
Vegetable juice... A mixture of carrots, tomatoes,
cabbage, red bell peppers, plums, and the like is to be
prepared at once."
"Huh?"
I've never heard of a recipe like that before, is it
some sort of Kohaku-san special?
<Page8>
"Well then, I will also take my leave. Please don't
hesitate to call me if you need anything. I will come
running, regardless of whatever time it may be."
Akiha switches off the lights and leaves the room.
<Page9>
"...I'm sorry, Akiha."
I mutter to myself before sitting up.
"..."
Even though the lights are off, my surroundings flicker
between light and dark.
<Page10>
Simply sitting up is enough to make me lightheaded.
This anemia attack isn't like the ones I've had before.
I understand that, but even so, I have to go to the
park.
...This is her we're talking about, after all. If I
leave that idiot hanging, she'll definitely keep on
waiting for as many hours as it takes.
<Page11>
I unsteadily make my way over to the desk.
I take my knife from the drawer, and put on my jacket.#
"... I'm screwed. There's no way I can sneak out of
here like this."
<Page12>
...I need to wait until I've recovered enough to at
least walk properly, otherwise Hisui will catch me and
send me back to my room.
<Page13>
"...Well, I tried."
Arcueid will probably be mad at me if I arrive even
later than I did yesterday. Still, I guess that isn't
the end of the world.
I sit down on the bed.
One hour. If I rest for just one more hour, I ought to
recover to the point where I can walk around again.
<Page14>
I arrive at the park just before midnight.
I may have regained the ability to walk, but can only
manage a snail's pace. It took me almost an hour to get
here as a result.
<Page15>
"...... ..."
I cast my eyes around my surroundings, shoulders
heaving from my labored breathing.
<Page16>
The twilit park. A solitary white figure stands
motionlessly by the pavilion where we'd arranged to
meet.
<Page17>
"...So she did wait."
It seems like she's noticed that I've finally arrived.
Arcueid starts stomping over to me, her footsteps
echoing loudly.
<Page18>
"Your cruelty knows no bounds tonight as well. I'm
honestly amazed.
It's great that you decided to turn up, but you'd
better have a good reason for being two hours
late#―――"
Arcueid is rendered speechless the second she sees my
face.
<Page19>
"Hold on, what's wrong, Shiki...?
Your face is pale as the grave, and you don't seem
lively at all... Don't tell me you were out searching
for the Dead until now?"
<Page20>
"What kind of adventure-loving freak do you take me
for...
You're way off the mark. I'm just feeling a little
anemic, that's all.
I suffer from spells like this from time to time, it's
nothing to be too surprised about.
...More importantly, I'm sorry. I tried to get here as
fast as I could, but I still kept you waiting for two
hours."
<Page21>
"A-Ah, well, I don't really mind, I suppose..."
<Page22>
"I may have spent the entire time wondering why you
were so late, but...
I really don't get it... Why would you come all the way
here with your body in that state, Shiki?"
<Page23>
"Well, I made a promise, right? I said that I would
help you out, so I'm not going to bail over something
like this.
And I mean, that's not all. Just think about what
happened yesterday. If I'd let you go off alone, who
knows what might have happened to you."
<Page24>
"Well, I'm happy to hear you say that... except for
that last bit, though.
All the same, it just doesn't sit right. Say what you
will, but it still seems overly cruel."
"Cruel? What is...?"
<Page25>
"The fact that you don't understand your own body at
all.
Human lives may be naturally unstable things, but even
by that standard, yours is far too turbulent."
<Page26>
"You're in a position that has you brushing up against
death on a regular basis.
Maybe it's the backlash from your Mystic Eyes of Death
Perception, or maybe it's simply the price you pay for
the life you've been fated to live... Either way, you
teeter back and forth atop the line separating life
from death, like the waves breaking on the shore.
That's why you can't just brush off your anemia,
thinking 'I was fine last time, so I'll be fine this
time'."
<Page27>
"Listen, Shiki. You have a resistance to external
causes of death.# I assume this is because you had a
near-death experience resulting from that sort of cause
before.
But on the other hand, your resistance to internal
causes of death is virtually nonexistent."
<Page28>
"The anemia attacks you keep having are almost
certainly your body's way of trying to protect itself.
Humans aren't able to perceive abnormalities that occur
inside of them, but your body is instinctively able to
tell that something's wrong. When it senses that you're
nearing the point of no return, this is its way of
forcing you to take a break."
<Page29>
"The anemia you're suffering from now is so
debilitating it honestly wouldn't be surprising if it
killed you. You need to appreciate that it's only by
some stroke of luck that you were even able to wake up
at all."
<Page30>
"――――――"
...I wouldn't go so far as to call this a revelation,
but I still nod my head in understanding.
Up until now I'd thought of it like a computer being
forcibly shut down, but I guess you could take a
different perspective on it.
For instance, the hypothesis that rather than being the
result of a weak constitution, this anemia is actually
a safety mechanism my body employs in order to protect
my life.
<Page31>
"Hmm... it sounds a little far-fetched, but..."
Still, if something like that is true...
"So, does that mean that whenever I start feeling
anemic, all it would take is a little extra poke to
send me over the edge?"
If that's the case, then every morning for the past
seven years has been a cruel  .
<Page32>
"Geez, I'm giving you a serious warning here, you know!
That isn't to say I don't appreciate you coming,
though!
But tonight you need to go home and get some rest, you
hear me?"
<Page33>
Arcueid suddenly approaches me.
Maybe she really is genuinely concerned about my
health. Whatever the reason, she unguardedly brings her
body close to mine.
"――――"
Before I have a chance to pull myself away, I feel her
chest brush against mine.
<Page34>
....
My brain is once again assailed by dizziness, but this
time my anemia has nothing to do with it.
I'd been doing my best to not be too aware of her
feminine allure―――the softness of her breasts, her
pure white skin, her beautiful golden hair...
<Page35>
"Sorry. Arcueid, could you step back a bit?"
<Page36>
"What, are you saying that you can't trust what I say?
Because I'm a vampire?"
"Where's that coming from all of a sudden? There's no
way I wouldn't trust you by now."
<Page37>
"Liar. Why are you trying to look the other way then?"
"Please, I need you to give me some space for, uh...
personal reasons. I'm a guy you know, I can't help but
get a little flustered if you're so close."
<Page38>
....
I've escaped from the combined torture of being dizzy
from anemia and dizzy from being too close to Arcueid,
at least for the time being.
<Page39>
"Anyway, there's no need for you to be worried about
me.
Besides, I'll die for sure if I get attacked again like
I did last night, so it's not as though I can afford to
be taking things easy here."
"Hold on. What do you mean by that?"
<Page40>
"Like I said, when I was on my way back to the
mansion... Oh, right. I probably should have mentioned
this earlier.
Arcueid. Last night, I was attacked by one of the Dead.
I think it was lying in wait to catch me on my way back
to the mansion, when I'm alone."
<Page41>
Arcueid's facial expression turns grim.
"...I can't believe this. How could you forget
something as important as that?"
<Page42>
"I'm ashamed. But hey, you know what they say,
'whatever doesn't kill you...'"
"You idiot! This is exactly why I'm so worried about
you!"
<Page43>
...I feel like you can't really blame me here.
I mean, just today I had something even stranger happen
to me.
<Page44>
"...Well, I'll let it slide. More importantly, start
filling me in on the details."
Arcueid begins interrogating me, a stern look on her
face.
I calm myself down, and try and explain everything as
clearly as I can.
However, I don't mention to her that the man in black
was able to see the lines of death. I don't have any
proof that they definitely could, so it's possible that
I was just imagining it.
<Page45>
"―――Well, that about wraps it up..."
After I finally finish explaining everything that
happened, I steal a glance at Arcueid's face to try and
get a read on her mood.
Her gaze has remained unyieldingly sharp from the
minute I started talking up until now.
<Page46>
"What do you think, Arcueid? Are the pitch-black Dead
and the woman in nun's clothing enemies of yours?"
"...I suppose so. I would consider both of them to be
'enemies'.
I don't know who that Dead was, but I have a pretty
good guess as to who the woman in the nun's habit was."
<Page47>
"There's a possibility that the person who saved you is
an acquaintance of mine... If it really is her, then
she might actually find my target before I do."
Arcueid bites her lip in frustration.
Her irritation is borderline murderous.
<Page48>
"...Arcueid. The nun that saved me―――you mentioned
people like her before, right?"
"Yeah. The Church's heresy hunters. The one who saved
you was an Executor from their most troublesome
department.
...But it's strange. The Burial Agency shouldn't have
been able to dispatch an Executor this quickly."
<Page49>
"More importantly, why did you decide to fight?
You said that you would work together with me, but you
never said that you would fight alone."
<Page50>
Arcueid casts a scowl in my direction.
She's worried about me after I put myself in danger all
on my own...
<Page51>
"Ah geez, I feel so left out!
I can't believe you would do something so fun behind my
back!
It's like I've lost my chance to get in on the action!"
――――Perhaps I spoke too soon.
<Page52>
"Can I ask you something? What happened to the serious
atmosphere we had a second ago?"
"I'm seriously upset here! I thought I was finally
going to get a chance to fight alongside you!"
"......"
It's certainly a dangerous desire, but it's equally
true that I don't hate hearing her say it.
<Page53>
"...Listen. I know I fought on my own, but I had to,
okay? My hands were tied.
I have no intention of fighting another vampire without
having you there."
<Page54>
"...Hmm. And why did you have to, exactly?"
"I guess people would call it a sense of justice...
something along those lines, anyway. Right now, I'm
regretting it a little."
<Page55>
"A sense of justice?"
Arcueid tilts her head in bewilderment.
I feel exactly the same way inside. I was painfully
reminded yesterday that such things are nothing more
than a pretext.
<Page56>
...At that time.
When I noticed that there was a figure in front of me,
I was filled with fear.
As I realized that my opponent was something
extraordinary, I could do nothing but tremble.
After that, I took out my knife as if in answer, and we
began our fight to the death.
<Page57>
A sense of justice alone isn't enough to allow one
person to kill another person.
Not even the instinct to save one's own life is enough.
That's because the 'death of oneself' and the 'death of
another' are fundamentally unrelated concepts.
It takes a powerful motive to allow someone to act
under such extreme circumstances.
If I kill, then I'll be saved.
If I don't, then I'll perish.
A conclusion to end all conclusions. Purified
 and . In that moment, I consisted of
nothing else.
<Page58>
"...No, it's nothing.
Come on, now that we've got that out of the way, let's
get started.
I dragged myself all the way over here, so it'd be a
shame if we don't track down at least  of the Dead
stalking the city."
<Page59>
"...Hey now. I'm getting seriously upset here, Shiki.
That was an entirely separate conversation.
I told you to get some rest, didn't I?
We've already cleaned out most of the Dead's feasting
grounds, so we should just use tonight to reassess the
situation and prepare for tomorrow."
<Page60>
The look on Arcueid's face as she says this doesn't
leave much room for argument.
...I can't really help but go along with her reasoning,
either.
On top of that, it's not as though I'd be able to find
a vampire on my own, even if I did go out looking for
them.
<Page61>
"...Alright then. If you're going to be so insistent
about it, then I'll behave and use tonight to rest up."
<Page62>
"I'm glad you're being understanding.
This isn't just because you were attacked last
night―――you've been running your body into the
ground recently. If you don't get a good night's sleep
tonight and come back as your usual self tomorrow, I
won't be too happy about it."
<Page63>
"...Ah, I see what you mean. Yeah, it would definitely
be a problem if the person that's supposed to be
helping you ended up dragging you down instead.
Okay, I'll make sure I'm back in fighting shape by
tomorrow."
"...That's not what I meant, though..."
<Page64>
Arcueid grumbles, seemingly discontent about something.
...As usual, I have no idea what's going on inside that
head of hers.
<Page65>
"Well then, I'm off back to the mansion. See you
tomorrow, Arcueid."
I give her a wave and set off home.
"Hey, Shiki."
But then Arcueid calls me to a halt.
<Page66>
"What's up? Is there something else you need?"
"Ah, I just feel like I should offer...
Would you like me to walk back with you?"
<Page67>
Arcueid makes a shy proposal, averting her gaze as she
does so.
It seems like she's worried about what happened
yesterday in her own way.
Having her accompany me back wouldn't be a bad idea in
that regard, but...
<Page68>
"No, I think I'll pass. I'm terrified to think of what
might happen to me tomorrow morning if someone spots
you in the vicinity of the mansion.
It's okay, I can walk by myself now. You don't need to
worry yourself over something like this."
<Page69>
"Ah―――Right."
It's brief―――#but Arcueid lowers her head, only for a
moment, before looking back up―――
<Page70>
"In that case, I'll see you tomorrow!"
After waving goodbye, the vampire in white walks away
into the darkness of the night.
