<Page1>
There's no sign of Arihiko in the classroom. It seems
like he really did come to school early yesterday on a
whim.
I head to my desk, greeting the classmates I'm friends
with along the way.
<Page2>
I use the remaining couple of minutes before homeroom
starts to sit in my chair and check my phone.
This morning's news. The school bulletin board, created
by a group of young teachers, and the anonymous student
bulletin board, created by a group of volunteers.
There aren't any threads that catch my attention.
I idly look up and see that most of the students in the
classroom are spending their time the same way.
<Page3>
The teachers who are over thirty say that today's
students seem to have no friends in real life.
Of course, that's an outdated misconception; one that's
unique to people from the previous generation.
Dependence on the internet and dependence on friends in
front of you have become equivalent, and no one in our
class is at odds over that.
<Page4>
School used to be a place where you could only make
friends inside the classroom. There was little
connection to the outside world.
It's different now. You can find as many friends as you
want. The atmosphere in the classroom doesn't have to
be homey. As long as it's not unpleasant, it's fine.
<Page5>
Thanks to how sophisticated the internet has become,
the knowledge gap between generations has narrowed.
Although there is a difference in the number of things
we have accumulated, we seem to have evened out in
terms of lifestyles.
<Page6>
Adults say that we lack enthusiasm, dreams, and hope,
but that's just the way it is.
It's a small world now. Even elementary school students
know how stagnant our society has become.
That's why it's getting harder and harder to dream
about the future, to accept the world through one's own
filter.
<Page7>
That's what sharing knowledge is all about.
The more the library of knowledge expands, the smaller
and smaller will be the lives of the individuals who
browse it.
<Page8>
In the past, humans aimed beyond to fill in the
unknown.
Now there's no need to do so. There's no need to go
anywhere.
People are as free as they can be, but they also have
no reason to step out of their narrow boxes.
I think that's what the depressing sense of stagnation
in classrooms, schools, and cities is all about.
<Page9>
And so on. Although I've tried to analyze this in a
pretentious manner, these are just my own impressions.
I don't feel a sense of stagnation.
Nor do I feel like I've reached an impasse or that I've
washed out. I don't feel like I'm discontent with
society.
<Page10>
All I have is the natural desire to enjoy each and
every day as much as possible.
It would be a mistake for such a simple-minded person
to talk about the complications of society.
<Page11>
While I'm pondering, the homeroom bell rings.
The students who were milling around chatting return to
their seats.
I put my phone away and refocus.
It's the second day since I returned to the Tohno
residence, and school is about to start.
