<Page1>
...I've already offended Akiha today.
This isn't to make up for it, but I want to have a
lighthearted chat to ease the feeling of distance... or
rather, alleviate the spiky wall that stands between
us.
<Page2>
However, the timing is important.
It wouldn't be appropriate to visit a girl's room out
of the blue, even if she's your sister.
<Page3>
"I'm not even sure where her room is in the first
place...
I think it's at the end of the east wing..."
<Page4>
I'll have to ask Hisui or Kohaku-san next time I see
them.
For now... right, I'll go drop by the living room.
Akiha supposedly likes to relax there after dinner, so
I might be able to catch her there.
<Page5>
"Oh. I can't believe it's been a full day since we last
met, Shiki-kun. Now that you've spent the night here,
is it starting to sink in that you're back at the Tohno
residence?"
"――――――"
I stifle the urge to cry out in surprise.
That mysterious man from yesterday... the bandaged
monster, Saiki Gouto, is here in the living room.
<Page6>
"...Good evening. Saiki Gouto-san, right?"
<Page7>
"Just call me Saiki. A full name is something used only
for those worthy of recognition."
With a smile laced with mockery, Saiki replies.
<Page8>
"...I'm a little surprised. A visit at this hour?"
Without rising to the bait, I respond with a
generality.
I don't know anything about him yet. I should get to
know him first and then figure out how to answer.
<Page9>
"At this hour? Ah, it's before lights out, isn't it?
It's one of the bad traditions left by Makihisa-shi,
switching off the lights of the mansion before the
clock strikes midnight and forcing the residents to
sleep.
He hated the night. Or, more accurately, he hated the
things that occur during the night.
The construction of this Western-style building is
wonderful, as is the history of the land it rests on,
but I am not in favor of that rule.
The head of the Tohno family is not supposed to turn
away from the night."
<Page10>
"...What's wrong with that? It's much better than
making noise all night."
I have my own problems with the early curfew, but I
couldn't stop myself from snapping back at him.
He insulted Makihisa, but to me, it feels like Akiha is
being insulted as the successor of the Tohno family.
<Page11>
"Did I offend you? Splendid. It seems like you know
your place around here.
Even though you were disowned, you still defend your
father's honor. It seems like Makihisa-shi had a good
son."
"I'm asking you what you are doing here at such an
absurd hour."
"It's not absurd at all. I'm returning to my own home
after a long day at work... isn't that a very natural
routine?"
<Page12>
"――――――"
Now I'm confused.
'I'm returning to my own home'... is he saying that he
lives here?
But yesterday, he definitely said he wasn't a relative
of the Tohno family―――
<Page13>
"I'm sorry. That was a bit of a hasty reply.
I am an outsider. I've been given a room to stay in,
but I am no more than a guest. For now, anyway."
With a chuckle, Saiki gets up off the sofa.
...He seems to be planning to leave the living room.
<Page14>
"I'm only here tonight to collect some materials from
my room, Shiki-kun.
I lied when I said that I finished my work. The
development of the city of Souya is only just
beginning. There remain a great number of matters that
must be taken care of. Tonight, I'll be working the
night shift."
<Page15>
"That is what I was criticizing Makihisa-shi for.
There is no day or night in modern business. It's a
stupid policy to just wait for morning when night
falls. If you keep running the company in the same
old-fashioned way, you'll only cause headaches for the
people who take over from you."
<Page16>
Saiki exits the living room.
Not long after, I hear Kohaku-san's voice coming from
the lobby. She's probably escorting the guest to the
door.
Taking over the company... I'm not sure what the
relationship was between Saiki Gouto and my old man,
but judging by how he spoke, I doubt it was
particularly amicable.
<Page17>
"........."
I feel an inexpressible sense of unease.
I'll leave the chat with Akiha for another time.
I decide to go back to my room and rest quietly
tonight.
