<Page1>
It's been three minutes since homeroom started.
Toyama-sensei's replacement hasn't arrived yet.
<Page2>
The classroom is buzzing and order is breaking down.
To be more specific, students are all over the place.
<Page3>
Everyone in the class is of the mindset that if we're
going to be left alone, we may as well just mess around
until first period starts.
One more minute. Let's hold out for just one more
minute.
Just as we were creating an unspoken agreement to do
whatever we wanted afterward, the door swung open.
<Page4>
"Okay, everyone, let's settle down, settle down.
Homeroom is starting!"
<Page5>
The buzz in the air instantly calms down.
The teacher who walked into the classroom is someone I
have never seen before. She definitely isn't Japanese,
and she looks like a university student. What an
unexpected visitor.
<Page6>
"Huh? What's up with this atmosphere?
Everyone froze up all of a sudden...
What am I, a basilisk woman?# Oh wait, that metaphor is
a bit obscure, isn't it? Erm, in Japanese terms, maybe
something like the girl from 'The Ring'? But Sensei's
name isn't Sadako, you know."
<Page7>
I frown. Isn't that metaphor already a bit dated?
Meanwhile, the mysterious woman stands at the podium
without a hint of concern and clears her throat
deliberately.
<Page8>
"Nice to meet you all. I'm Aizome Noel and I'll be
filling in for Toyama-sensei now that she has
transferred.
We'll only be together for a month, but I'm looking
forward to working with you all."
<Page9>
"I'll be teaching Phys Ed and English, my favorite food
is  , the best gifts I could receive would be
cash or gift cards, and my taboo word is 'Pet Shop'.
I'm always open to questions, so feel free to come
after me, okay ♡"
<Page10>
"――――――"
A jumble of crashing and banging sounds echo through
the classroom.
It was the sound of the boys as they unconsciously rose
from their chairs after receiving a wink from
Noel-sensei.
I have to admit that I'm a little taken in as well.
<Page11>
It's not like she's strikingly beautiful.
But it sorta feels like she's within our reach.
Or maybe she has the aura of a mature woman.
Or maybe she's filled with a charm that can't be put
into words.
All that to say: she has this quality, like that of a
fluffy meringue, that can stir up the desires of the
high school boys the moment they lay eyes on her.
<Page12>
"I have a question! How old are you, Noel-sensei?"
"More importantly, where do you live?"
"I want to know how you spend your days off and what
your hobbies are!"
"Or rather, what's your favorite type of high school
student?"
<Page13>
Immediately, a barrage of questions erupts from the
boys.
These topics are usually discussed in an anonymous
forum, but the guys who were hit by her wink couldn't
even wait for that.
<Page14>
The girls stare at them coldly with a gaze that says
'boys are pathetic'. But the feverish boys couldn't
care less about the scorn of their classmates, who are
getting fed up with even being in the same room as
them.
<Page15>
"I love the eager to  reaction, thanks guys!
Ehh, the girls would probably expose my age anyway so
let's just say I'm twenty-five years old. I live in a
rented apartment two stations away, my favorite type of
man is the mature, artistic type. My hobby is helping
out at the church on Sundays. It's the church in the
next town over, so if you're interested, I'd be happy
if you'd come over and pray."
<Page16>
"Church? What are you, a nun? I mean, are you a nun as
a hobby?"
"Yep. It's not that uncommon in my country. Well, I'm
still a volunteer though, just trying to resolve the
confessions of troubled lambs, you know."
<Page17>
" ..."
The boys are stunned by her unexpectedly excellent
response.
I, too, am a bit intrigued by the novelty of the word
'nun'.
<Page18>
Meanwhile, the girls are silently fiddling with their
phones.
I casually check the anonymous bulletin board for
students.
<Page19>
'What's with that, boys are so stupid...'
'Is she really that pretty?'
'I wonder if she's half French or something'
'I mean, isn't she a bit shameless?'
<Page20>
...There you have it.
There's a lot of negative talk on the board.
<Page21>
Thus, the class has become a mysterious space divided
into simple factions of 'boys' and 'girls'.
In other words, we have gone back to the primitive age
of middle school students cursing each other, saying
stuff like 'boys are terrible' and 'girls are
annoying'.
<Page22>
She observes the situation with a warm smile and says,
". I wonder if these kids are alright in the
head."
The new teacher makes a scathing remark.
<Page23>
I couldn't keep up with the atmosphere of the classroom
so I looked away, making eye contact with Yumizuka in
the process. She must not have gotten caught up in the
furor either; she looks as bored as I am.
...What is this atmosphere?
The classroom is abuzz. What seemed to be a peaceful
day has taken an unexpected turn.
