<Page1>
"Oh, that's right, Akiha.
What's going on with the mansion now?"
"What do you mean by 'what's going on'?
If you are referring to its ownership, it would appear
that I will inherit it eventually."
<Page2>
Does that mean that the Tohno family assets have been
entrusted to a guardian until Akiha becomes an adult?
That arrangement has nothing to do with me, so I'll set
that topic aside.
<Page3>
"No, I'm not talking about that. I just want to know
what the setup is here at the mansion.
The only ones living here at the moment are me, you,
Kohaku-san, and Hisui, right?
I'm just wondering which rooms are actually being used,
that sort of thing."
<Page4>
"As a general rule, all rooms except ours are kept
locked.
Your room is at the south end of the second floor of
the west wing.
My room is at the north end of the second floor of the
east wing.
Hisui's room is in the middle of the second floor of
the west wing.
Kohaku's room is at the north end of the first floor of
the west wing."
<Page5>
"The games room and guest rooms on the second floor are
closed, but they will be opened if you want to bring
your friends over.
Father's study... is locked up tight because there are
still important documents inside. Even you are not
allowed to enter, Nii-san, so please bear that in
mind."
<Page6>
"I see. So for the most part we're just using the west
wing.
The east wing is used for the office, your room, and so
on..."
To an ordinary person, the amount of space in this
sprawling mansion would be terrifying.
<Page7>
"Nii-san?"
"How should I put this... This is like a high-class
space where you have to make an appointment beforehand.
I get it."
<Page8>
"...I do not much care for the phrasing, but for the
most part, it is as you say.
All that is left is... right. The annex and the
botanical garden are also closed, though they were open
when you were here in the past.
They have not been properly tended to for some time."
<Page9>
The annex was for lodging guests from overseas, and the
botanical garden was built by Makihisa while he was a
student.
Before he took over as the head of the family, Tohno
Makihisa was devoted to agricultural science,
especially thremmatology. The botanical garden is said
to be a remnant of that time.
<Page10>
"You mean you've closed all the outdoor facilities?
Oh. Then what about the pool?"
"The pool is an exception. It is only closed because it
is autumn, once the season becomes more amenable, I
will bring in a contractor to reopen it."
<Page11>
That's good to hear.
I wasn't allowed to use it as a child, but the next
summer vacation is going to be fun.
