<Page1>
"Let's start by dividing them up into different types.
Although they're all generally referred to as vampires,
they can broadly be categorized into two groups."
<Page2>
"Those that were vampires from the start, and those
that were turned into vampires.
The former are known as   and the latter
are called  ."
<Page3>
"Dead Apostles are the ones you people are referring to
when you talk about vampires.
My explanation of the hierarchy earlier also doubled as
a crash course on the ecology of Dead Apostles. They
suck the blood of humans and make underlings of them,
they're weak to sunlight, and they can be defeated by
way of a Baptismal Rite.
Our enemy is also a vampire that would be classified as
a Dead Apostle."
<Page4>
At some point, she switched from saying 'my enemy' to
'our enemy'. I wanted to point this out, but under the
circumstances it's not wrong, so I'll let it slide.
<Page5>
"Hmm... You said that Dead Apostles don't start out as
vampires; what did you mean by that?"
<Page6>
"Dead Apostles are beings that start off as humans,
animals, or anything else that isn't a bloodsucker by
nature.
Some attain eternal youth through , while
others have their blood sucked and become underlings.
Well, in either case, the result is basically the same.
Those who become vampires gain an imperfect but
immortal body, and cease to be something that could be
considered human."
<Page7>
"......"
So there are two types of vampires: the True Ancestors,
who were vampires from the very beginning―――
And Dead Apostles, who are humans that were turned into
vampires.
But... something doesn't add up.
I feel like there's a discrepancy or structural
inconsistency somewhere in what she said.
<Page8>
"Hey, Shiki. How much do you know about the
characteristics of vampires?"
<Page9>
"I only know the basics.
People say that they suck the blood of virgins and can
paralyze others with a stare, turn themselves into
mist, or transform into wolves... stuff like that."
<Page10>
"Yeah, everything you said is pretty much true.
The reason why they suck the blood of virgins is
because their blood―――which hasn't been mixed with
the bodily fluids of any other humans yet――― is more
suitable for replenishing their genes. The main
difference is that it's more nutritious when compared
to regular blood."
<Page11>
"Dead Apostles―――those who  
vampires―――possess only an imperfect immortality. To
be clear, they've transformed into lifeforms with
dynamic cells, making them very difficult to kill.
However, just like a burning flame, they must
constantly replenish their energy or else they will be
extinguished."
<Page12>
"All living things need nourishment in order to
function, right? It's the same idea. The only
difference is that so long as they continue to consume
blood, a bloodsucker's lifespan has no limit."
<Page13>
"Dead Apostles suck blood because they need it in order
to survive.
They were originally human, so it's impossible for them
to obtain a truly immortal body."
<Page14>
"The longer they live, and the more power they gain,
the less the genes that make up their own bodies are
able to bear the build-up of atoms. If they don't
continue to increase their strength they'll collapse,
but if they increase their strength too much, they will
no longer be able to maintain their own form."
<Page15>
"So what do they do to make up for it?
It's simple. As their own genes become corrupted, they
take in normal ones from elsewhere to supplement the
ones that are lost."
<Page16>
"It's the same as how humans like to have organic
compounds in their diet.
Vampires gather both that normal genetic information
and calories from blood. The soul's calorific value, if
you will."
<Page17>
"In other words, they fix their own bodies by sucking
human blood and taking in their genetic information.
For the Dead Apostles, sucking blood is not only a way
to feed and pool their power, but it's also essential
for their continued existence."
<Page18>
"......"
How complicated. Not to mention long.
Despite the fact that I'm barely keeping up with these
explanations, Arcueid continues to plow on without a
care.
<Page19>
"Alright, next up is... the thing about paralyzing with
just a stare right?
That's one example of what we refer to as Mystic Eyes.
The eyeball is a useful and powerful  , so
there are many bloodsuckers that have Mystic Eyes."
<Page20>
"It might be easier to think of it as a 'Directional
magical energy release function'.# It's sort of like...
a beam coming out of the eye? Just picture it like
that."
<Page21>
"Wait, they can do that, shoot a beam!?"
I involuntarily jerk forward at the mention of such a
ridiculous word.
<Page22>
"Huh...!? Well... I mean, it's not an actual beam.
There's no way there are any vampires that can actually
do something that ridiculous. It's just a mental image.
A way to visualize."
I see. That's both good and disappointing.
<Page23>
"Okay so, what are Mystic Eyes anyway?"
"They're a special type of eye―――an ability that
discharges single-action magecraft through the usage of
one's Magic Circuits... I guess you could think of them
like a skill."
<Page24>
"I mean, humans have things like fencing right? It's
the same general idea.
There are many different kinds, but it's a skill that
can be used by any Dead Apostle. That said, regardless
of how much they train, their strength is limited by
the user's own talents."
<Page25>
"The ones that we vampires have are the   
. They're basically the most powerful type
there is... in the world of vampires, Mystic Eyes
outside of Enchantment are considered pretty useless."
<Page26>
"The Mystic Eyes of Enchantment don't let the holder
enchant someone just by looking at them. They only take
effect when the target looks into the vampire's eyes.
Powerful vampires can use their Mystic Eyes to tap into
a person's brain and take complete control of their
thoughts... Although, Dead Apostles who possess that
level of Mystic Eyes are rare."
<Page27>
Hmm...
So they function kinda like brainwashing or hypnosis.
You could order someone to 'Forget what you saw here'
for example.
If you had eyes like those, you could easily cover up a
murder, even if a third party witnessed it.
<Page28>
"Ignoring how they work for a minute, the point is that
I shouldn't look into these eyes, right?"
"Yep, you got it. So, when you're up against a vampire,
you should try to just look in their general direction
rather than at their face.
Making eye contact with an enemy vampire is essentially
suicide."
<Page29>
"The next point was about turning into mist, right?
I guess this can also be classified into two different
types.
The high-grade type is the one that involves actual
particle transformation. It's a technique that diffuses
one's 'self', scattering the particles that make up
one's body. There are only a few Dead Apostles who can
do this over a wide area and for a long period of
time."
<Page30>
"The lower-class type is really more like sleight of
hand. You can think of it as being similar to
.
Cautious vampires will create clones and pilot them
around by imbuing them with some of their
consciousness. Once they're done with them, they cut
off the magical energy that was animating the clone.
This causes it to turn to dust and fizzle out, making
it look like it just disappeared in a cloud of mist."
<Page31>
Mmm-hmm.
'Kagemusha' means 'Shadow warrior', right?
This foreigner... no, this foreign  knows a
surprising amount about Japanese culture.
<Page32>
"Turning into a wolf, or any other animal for that
matter, is a side effect of using a familiar to
compensate for a damaged body.
The longer a vampire lives, the harder it is for
ordinary cells to make up for their decaying body.
That's why they capture powerful beasts and use them to
supplement their body.
When necessary, these beasts are returned to their
original state and put to work, which makes it look
like the vampire 'turned into a wolf' or 'called forth
a wolf'."
<Page33>
"Dead Apostles are able to take ancient beasts into
their bodies in order to repair their life force.
However, one is the limit―――if they take in too
many, the vampire's soul will become clouded by the
beasts.
There's only one vampire among the Dead Apostles who
has ever taken in more than one beast as a familiar.#
That vampire is already gone, though."
<Page34>
"Well, I think that about wraps it up.
I've only given you a rough outline based on the points
you gave me, but do you understand what vampires are
like now?"
<Page35>
"To give a rough definition, bloodsuckers with the same
shape and intelligence structure as a human are called
vampires.
No matter how foreign the contents are, as long as
their basic form is human, that's pretty much a
vampire."
<Page36>
"........."
If anything, I'm getting more and more confused.
I understand how monstrous these so-called vampires can
be, but that's why I can't believe that the woman in
front of me is a vampire...
