<Page1>
"I made a promise after all..."
That's right. I've already made a promise.
No matter what happens, I don't think I should break
it.
<Page2>
Arcueid is sleeping...
She may not look it at all, but she said that she's
weak right now.
She also said she was at her limit earlier; in truth, I
haven't had a chance yet to think about what I'll do
from here... whether I should run or stay.
<Page3>
The atmosphere has fallen completely silent.
She and I aren't just the only two people in the room,
but on the entire floor... I'll put aside for now the
question of whether it's rude to count a
self-proclaimed vampire as a person.
<Page4>
"What am I saying... She's the rude one here, dumbass."
I'm giving myself a hard time.
After everything that's happened between this morning's
game of tag and now, my body and mind are so exhausted
that they aren't even functioning properly.
<Page5>
"First things first: I need to calm down a bit."
I think it's finally time I take a seat, so I leave my
position by the door.
I sit down on one of the tall chairs by the minibar.
I retrieve a bottle of spring water from the
refrigerator, pour it into a glass, and take a few
sips.
<Page6>
"―――Alright."
My mood has cleared up a little thanks to the cool
water.
My head is still reeling from all the unbelievable
things that have happened since this morning, but I'm
going to stay calm, think things over, and decide what
I'm going to do from here―――
<Page7>
"............"
"――――――――Seriously?"
This is the second time I've said that today.
The first time was directed toward Arcueid, but this
time it's directed at myself.
I can't concentrate because I can hear the sound of the
sleeping woman's breathing.
Just how dissolute can I get. Why am I getting so
excited about her now, of all times...?!
<Page8>
I've got to get out of here for a bit.
This is probably all because I haven't gotten over the
fear I felt in the alleyway.
I'm sure that if I go out into the hallway and take a
breather, I'll be able to dispel this strange fever.
<Page9>
"We're really renting it all..."
There are no employees on the top floor, let alone
other guests.
<Page10>
The room Arcueid's in is a corner room, right at the
end of the hallway.
It has the best view, but understandably, it's also a
long way from the elevator hall.
<Page11>
"Oh shoot, school―――"
It's a little after eleven o'clock. This isn't the sort
of truancy you can just talk your way out of.
<Page12>
If the school contacts the mansion it'll be game over
for me, but I can't do much about that now.
I wonder what sort of scolding Akiha would have in
store for me... no, there's no use thinking about
something I can't change.
<Page13>
"It's a long shot, but I'll send a text to Arihiko..."
<Page14>
'Feel bad today. Skipping.
Help me out if you can.'
<Page15>
I dash out a rough explanation of the situation and
make a request to my close friend.
I'm not asking him to force it, but just slip something
in if the opportunity presents itself.
I wish I could tell him more about the situation,
but...
<Page16>
"No, scratch that. He'd just call an ambulance on me."
If he were to ask if I had finally lost it, I would be
completely unable to make a rebuttal.
This much is more than enough for a guy like him.
<Page17>
"―――Now then."
Thinking about his familiar face has calmed me down.
Resigning myself to my fate, I return to the room where
the self-proclaimed vampire is sleeping.
<Page18>
"Pardon the intrusion..."
I know I won't get a reply, but I can't resist the
force of habit.
The woman in white is still sleeping on the bed, her
appearance entirely unchanged from earlier.
She doesn't give the impression of someone in danger at
all. If I didn't know the context, I'd have thought
she's a princess from some foreign country.
<Page19>
I sit down on the sofa, which I'd so far avoided since
I was afraid I'd never be able to get back up again.
However, the sofa is the only place where I can keep an
eye on both the bed and the door at the same time.
<Page20>
As I feared, the sofa is  comfortable.
I feel like I'm going to melt, but I must keep watch.
I've got to steel myself and stay on guard while she
sleeps.
<Page21>
"......"
Still. Looking at her like this, she really is
nightmarishly beautiful.
Her white, smooth-looking skin, her each and every
finger a work of art, the gentle curve of her body...
<Page22>
The overall portrait is flawless, and the shape of
every little detail is without peer. Never before have
I seen such a perfectly sculpted figure.
No, to be more precise―――
I never thought I would see something like this in my
lifetime.
<Page23>
"..."
I look up at the ceiling in contemplation.
If you put aside the fact that she came back to life
after I killed her, and that she claims to be a
vampire, then at the end of the day, Arcueid is an
existence that speaks human language and has the form
of a human being.
<Page24>
If she's too weak to take care of things on her own,
then that responsibility falls to me.
"You have to take responsibility for your own
actions..."
<Page25>
Even at a time like this, I'm reminded of the lessons
from my childhood.
I seem to remember Sensei telling me something.
That because I have strange eyes,
I attract strange things as a result.
<Page26>
If that's the case, I'd better be prepared for
anything.
But for starters, I need to protect her tonight as best
I can, just as I promised――――
