<Page1>
"Oh, by the way. If I remember correctly, you still
attend Asagami Private Girl's Academy, don't you...?"
"Yes. That is because Asagami Private Girl's Academy
provides a direct pathway from middle school to
university."
<Page2>
Asagami Private Girl's Academy is a school for young
ladies in the next prefecture over.
The school was originally a missionary school founded
in the early Meiji era, but now it's just a school that
retains its original name.
In the Showa era, the school was on the verge of
closing due to financial difficulties, but was blessed
with new supporters and is still in operation.
<Page3>
"It's a boarding school, right?
I was wondering why you commute from here."
"The principal of Asagami and Father were close
friends, so he was able to accommodate my selfish
request.
He said that if circumstances required it, I was
permitted to commute to school from home."
<Page4>
"No, that's not what I'm asking.
You were living in the dormitory until Father passed
away, right? What I want to know is why you've started
commuting back and forth to the mansion. Isn't it
almost an hour's drive?"
<Page5>
"Well――――"
Stumbling over her words, Akiha averts her gaze.
<Page6>
"Shiki-sama.# Akiha-sama has long been accustomed to
spending half of each week at the mansion. As such, it
is not particularly unusual for her to travel to school
from here."
"I didn't know that. Still, why split your time?"
<Page7>
"It was Father's wish that I spend half the week here
in the mansion."
Ah, I understand now.
Tohno Makihisa didn't allow Akiha any free time even
after she entered middle school.
<Page8>
"......I see. Even so, he's gone now. There's no reason
for you to push yourself anymore, right?
You're busy enough as it is, it seems crazy to spend
two whole hours just going back and forth from school.
Plus, wouldn't it be more fun for you to live with your
friends in the dorms?"
<Page9>
"Yes, if only I could.
Unfortunately, I have responsibilities I must attend
to. So long as incidents such as yesterday's continue
to occur, I will continue to commute to school from the
mansion."
<Page10>
"Incidents such as yesterday's...?"
Did some problem arise with regard to the Tohno family
fortune while I was out?
<Page11>
"It's nothing. If you do not realize it yourself, that
is fine by me.
―――More importantly, Nii-san, you seem to know a lot
about Asagami Private Girl's Academy, are you
interested in it?
I would have thought that it's a world to which men
have no connection."
<Page12>
"Ah. Well, I do know a little bit about it. It's the
school you attend, after all."
"What?"
<Page13>
"I asked Keiko-san about it when you entered middle
school. She told me you'd been enrolled in Asagami
Private Girl's Academy. That's why I know a little."
I just thought it wouldn't hurt to know what kind of
school my sister went to.
<Page14>
"It's easy to find information nowadays thanks to the
internet. I haven't actually been there, obviously."
"I-I see. My apologies.
I was just thinking..."
<Page15>
Yeah. Due to the nature of Asagami Private Girl's
Academy, there are many beautiful students and noble
ladies.
Supposedly the 'Invitation Ticket for Relatives', which
allows non-students entry to the cultural festival, is
worth its weight in gold.
I have Arihiko to thank for all this trivial
information.
