<Page1>
"Ah――――"
As you can see, Arcueid is shocked. It's as if she's
only now considered that possibility.
<Page2>
"I guess you're right, now that you mention it.
I wonder why. I guess I felt like I could trust you
after talking to you in that back alley."
"――――――"
Well... it's not like that's bad or anything.
<Page3>
"I see... If you really trust me that much, then I'll
also make an effort. All I have to do now is keep an
eye out, right?"
<Page4>
"Yeah. At least until the sun comes up.
I won't be leaving this room, so I want you to be on
guard against anyone that comes to this floor."
<Page5>
"Right......"
You say 'on guard', but it's not as though I'll be much
use if something like the black panther from this
morning appears.
I'm painfully aware that this sort of responsibility is
well beyond my capabilities, and simply saying 'roger
that' isn't going to suddenly make me fit for guard
duty.
<Page6>
Let's step back for a second and examine what we know
before going any further.
We need to have some way of dealing with things like
the black panther or the burning corpses, but I still
don't know very much about Arcueid or her enemies.
<Page7>
"I'd like to confirm something, Arcueid.
Those things that attacked us in the alleyway, were
they sent by your enemy?"
<Page8>
"I wouldn't say they were 'sent' by him so much as they
were 'on patrol'.
Their role was probably to follow a certain route in
order to monitor the city. Since we happened to be
chatting at a location along their patrol route, my
presence here has been discovered."
<Page9>
"Discovered... as in, by your enemy?"
"Yep. If I'd been in perfect condition, this would have
saved me a lot of trouble, but with things as they are,
there's a chance they could defeat me instead.
That's why we ran all the way here. If they attack me
before I regain my strength, there'll be nothing I can
do."
<Page10>
So in other words, Arcueid's enemy―――the serial
killer wreaking havoc in the city―――is another
vampire just like her.
Based on this conversation, it sounds like these two
vampires are searching for each other's 'whereabouts'.
<Page11>
However, they aren't on equal footing.
Because at the moment, Arcueid is critically weakened.
<Page12>
"Plus, this enemy has subordinates to do their dirty
work for them, but you on the other hand have no one to
rely on, is that right?"
'', grumbles Arcueid as she scowls in
dissatisfaction.
<Page13>
Judging by her lack of reply, I guess she really is
alone...
Well, nothing for me to complain about, at least―――
<Page14>
"You said before that vampires are all different, so is
this one of those differences?
If it is, what's the proper name for a 'vampire that
has many allies'?"
<Page15>
"That's...
Uh... What's the easiest way to explain this..."
<Page16>
Arcueid casts her eyes around the room as she tries to
think of something.
It seems like she's not used to talking to people.
<Page17>
"It's fine, you can do it the difficult way. Anything
you can tell me would be useful, so just say what's on
your mind.
I don't really know what's going on, but I'll try to
follow along as best as I can."
<Page18>
"Really? Thanks a lot, Shiki."
"Right, sure. No need for thanks, just keep going."
'Okay', murmurs Arcueid as she nods meekly.
<Page19>
"'Vampires with tons of allies' are kind of a broad
category, but the Dead Apostle that lurks in this city
belongs to a more traditional class of vampire."
<Page20>
"To borrow Church terminology, this vampire is a
.
Suzerains invade towns and villages through a series of
stages."
<Page21>
"For starters, we have stage 1.
The vampire first picks out humans with outstanding
abilities and then turns them into their underlings by
sucking their blood.
Humans that have their blood sucked by the vampire die
and become puppets of the Suzerain, though they still
retain the personality they had when they were human.
In other words, a 'corpse that retains its sense of
self'. In    terms, these  are the
third lowest tier, about equal to a high-grade
familiar."
<Page22>
Great, she's only just gotten started and I'm already
lost...#!
Well, I managed to get some sleep as well, so at least
my head is clear.
I'm just going to skip over the words I don't
understand and ask about the parts that I do.
<Page23>
"A 'corpse that retains its sense of self'... does that
mean they are vampires that are still human?#"
"Hmm, maybe I shouldn't refer to Rank IIIs as
'vampires'.
Their bodies are superhuman, sure, but they can't
create their own offspring. It's best to think of them
as a sort of leader-class for the lower-ranked
workers."
<Page24>
"Then what about those things that appeared in the
alleyway...?"
"Those things are one step below: Rank II .
They're basically just workers who can't do much more
than follow orders, let alone pass as human."
<Page25>
Arcueid seems to have gotten really into it, and starts
explaining the various vampire stages using a diagram.
This woman sure is strangely versatile...
<Page26>
"Once the vampire has made a certain number of the
townspeople into their underlings, they prepare
themselves a coffin and go to sleep.
Suzerains can't go out and about during the day since
their presence alone would draw attention. Instead,
it's up to their underlings to stockpile 'food' and
expand their influence."
<Page27>
"And so, Rank III underlings and above blend in with
society and gradually start preying on other humans.
Human flesh and blood are the underlings' source of
nutrition too, but most of it is sent to the Suzerain.
As they sleep in their coffin, the Suzerain accumulates
power, eventually turning the entire community into
their own flesh and blood.
―――That is the nature of the vampire that lurks in
this city."
<Page28>
"Right now, they don't have that many underlings and
aren't all that threatening. Still, as the number of
victims increases, so too does the power of the
Suzerain.
I was hoping to find their coffin and kill them before
that could happen, but I still have yet to locate the
enemy's resting place.
They've never hidden themself this well before... I
can't even feel their presence."
<Page29>
"If I could only find out where they're sleeping,
dealing with this vampire would be a piece of cake.
I didn't have any leads this time, so I had no choice
but to walk around the city during the day to
investigate.
And while I was out and about, I got killed by a
passing murderer. What a pickle!"
<Page30>
She claps her hands together, smiling at me.
It seems that she's taking a dig at said murderer. It
doesn't feel great.
<Page31>
"I see... I think I'm starting to get the picture.
So, a monster who preys on humans has built a nest in
this city, and you came here to exterminate it.
But while you were looking for its hiding place...
that's when you were, well... attacked by me, meaning
you're now so weak you have to stay hidden until you
recover... Did I get all that right?"
<Page32>
"Yeah, I guess that about sums it up."
"Then next question. Why would the enemy go through all
this trouble in the first place?
Wouldn't it be easier to just do it by yourself without
creating all these underlings?"
<Page33>
"To put it simply: they're weak.
No matter how great their superpowers; no matter their
scale of existence―――their ... a vampire
cannot survive on their own.
They have so many weaknesses that they can never stay
above the surface for long.
That's why they stay in their safe zone and collect
blood by using humans as their familiars. Humans might
be frail, but at least they don't have many weaknesses.
Basically, they're just being risk-averse."
<Page34>
"A lot of weaknesses... such as what?"
"Sunlight and running out of magical energy are two of
the big ones. As for their biggest weakness, well...
They just have   of enemies, I guess?"
"They have a lot of enemies...? You mean people like
you?"
<Page35>
"I'm an exception. Or should I say, a special case.
You see... humans hate vampires. The greatest weapons
humans have at their disposal are their numbers and the
way they cooperate, right?
So yeah, there actually do exist people who've made it
their sole purpose to kill vampires, and they tend to
come running whenever a vampire incident occurs
somewhere in the world."
<Page36>
"Most insidious and tenacious of all when it comes to
this is the Church... heresy hunters from a religion
based in Western Europe. They claim their purpose is to
 the Lord's will by human hands, so naturally,
they're called .
These people have spent hundreds of years refining
their Dead Apostle slaying techniques. They're way more
of a nuisance than some lowly vampire."
<Page37>
"That's why vampires try to lay low for a while. If
they had to deal with the Church all the time, they
wouldn't be able to gather enough blood. Plus, more
importantly, they'd run the risk of being sealed."
<Page38>
"........."
Heresy hunters of the Church... I guess it's kinda like
the witch hunters and inquisitors from the Middle Ages?
These hunters must be real anti-vampire specialists if
the vampires feel the need to go into hiding.
Still...
<Page39>
"'Lay low   '... then does that mean there's
no need for them to hide once they've collected a lot
of blood?"
<Page40>
"That's right. Once they're strong enough, there's no
need for them to hide anymore.
At that point, even if the Executors were to show up,
it would be too late. The vampire would use the power
they accumulated in that city to wreak as much havoc as
they possibly could.
Then, once they have completely devoured the city, they
move on to find a new hunting ground."
<Page41>
"If you humans want to exterminate vampires, you need
to notice these incidents before they happen. By the
time vampiric activity is visibly evident, that city
will already be rotten to the core.
I'm sorry for putting it like this, Shiki, but with
this many underlings already roaming around, this city
is at a point where you humans can't do much about it
anymore."
<Page42>
"........."
Arcueid's explanation goes in through one ear and out
the other.
I understand what she's saying.
But accepting it is a whole different story.
<Page43>
Even if she says that it's too late to save our city,
there's no way I could just say 'Oh, okay' and accept
it like that.
And besides―――
<Page44>
"Yeah... I can't really believe any of this."
". What, are you saying that I'm lying to you?"
<Page45>
"No, that's not it. I know that everything you just
said is true. You're not the type to lie, right?"
"Of course I'm not. I have no use for lies."
<Page46>
"Like I said, it's not that I don't believe you, it's
that I don't get these so-called 'vampires'.
You keep repeating the word 'vampire', but it still
doesn't make sense.
I know you're not human...  I'm confident of.
But even so, they still don't feel all that real to me,
intuitively speaking."
<Page47>
"I guess I see where you're coming from.
The way you see vampires is extremely different from
how I see them."
<Page48>
"Yeah... That's exactly what I mean.
It's not a question of whether they're real or not;
it's more that I can't imagine what they're like.
You say stuff like 'traditional class' and I'm already
lost. I don't even know the difference between you and
them."
<Page49>
That's right...
I shouldn't even be talking to her if I don't know that
difference. I can't just trust her for no reason.
I mean, there's the possibility that she's actually
more dangerous than that Suzerain vampire.
<Page50>
"I see... I guess that makes sense from a human's
perspective.
They'd both look equally dangerous if you can't tell
the difference."
<Page51>
"In that case, allow me to introduce you to yet another
special lesson!
This time, we'll cover Vampires 101: Fundamentals!"
<Page52>
Arcueid is proudly holding her finger aloft.
"Fine with me but... what the hell do you mean by
'Vampires 101'?"
<Page53>
"You're still a novice after all, so we'll have to
start with the things even a kitten could understand,
wouldn't you agree?
Hence: 'Vampire Fundamentals'. Don't worry, Senpai over
here's gonna give you a quick lesson."
<Page54>
Senpai in what... Wait, if we're only now about to
cover the fundamentals, then what was all that...?
<Page55>
".... Fine. At the very least, try to keep it
short, alright?"
"Of course, I'll try my best to do so."
<Page56>
For some reason, I have a hard time believing that.
I already said something like this earlier, but it
seems that Arcueid isn't used to having conversations.
<Page57>
Well... she does call herself a vampire, so maybe she's
never had a chance to talk to a human before.
<Page58>
I look at my watch and see that it's just before
midnight.
I'm surprised that it has already been that long but,
fortunately, I have plenty of time.
