<Page1>
"What is... this place...?"
A voice echoes in the darkness.
The damp air. The eye-watering smell of something
rotten. The darkness in which she can't see more than
an inch ahead. Their combined weight turns her thoughts
to mush.
<Page2>
"What the hell is this place...?"
The girl can't remember what happened a few minutes
ago.
She can't even remember where she was.
<Page3>
The girl vaguely remembers hearing the voices of men.
She also remembers going down of her own free will.
She's pretty sure she used an elevator.
On the way down it became clear to her that this was
not some joke or urban legend, but a truth about this
city that she really shouldn't get involved in. When
she realized that, she started frantically mashing the
stop button.
<Page4>
"Where the hell am I―――?!"
But, that's all in the past now.
To humans, time only flows in one direction. It is
asymmetric. Because of that, there's no way to return
to the past from the present.
<Page5>
That's just the way it is.
By the time she realized it, she was already deep in
the heart of hell.
<Page6>
"...   ...!"
Frightened by the darkness, she puts her hands on the
wall. Sticky, festering juices cling to her fingers. It
reeks of blood. It's soft. Even knowing that this
spatter is the remains of human entrails, she crawls
her fingers forwards along the wall, crying.
Because if she doesn't, she won't be able to move
forwards.
She won't be able to proceed into that darkness.
She won't be able to escape the footsteps that have
been following her for a while now.
<Page7>
"No, no, no, no, no...!"
There is nothing she can do but scrunch her face tight
and walk on, her hand raking over the viscera.
"...!"
With each step she takes, she hears fresh screams
emanate from within the walls, and the shuddering sound
of something banging against metal.
<Page8>
"  !"
"Are you human? Hey, don't go! Don't leave me...!"
"Mommy... mommy..."
"Let me out, let me out, let me out, let me out!"
<Page9>
"... !"
She can't believe the voices come from members of her
own species.
The screams are so visceral that they must be tearing
their throats and lungs apart. They continue to call
out, as though they don't even care about the <damage|p a i n   > it
causes them.
<Page10>
But their bodies are already beyond help.
Without limbs, they hang from the ceiling like bagworm
moths.
<Page11>
"No, no, I don't want to die, I don't want to die...!"
She runs away, ignoring the pleas of those who are
already done for.
Light. A lamp. She wants a lamp more than anything
right now. Because if she had one, she'd be able to
escape.
<Page12>
The men who guided her here had snickered that there
was a goal.
In that case, there must be an exit somewhere.
That exit is the only way out of this alive. What's
left of her sanity continues to cling to that hope,
even though she knows deep down that it's all a lie.
<Page13>
"Light... light, light, light...!"
She keeps nervously looking back over her shoulder.
It suddenly occurred to her that she didn't come here
alone.
I must have come with my lover. That stupid man had
brought this up. That's why I said I'd give it a try,
just for fun. It's all his fault. I hope he dies. I
hope he dies soon. Let him die before me. And then I'll
be alive. I'm the only one who's gonna make it. Because
I'm special.
I've done nothing wrong. There's no reason for this to
happen to me. This kind of thing is reserved for people
who are dumber and more vulgar than me, or more
fortunate and lucky than me. It's got nothing to do
with me. I'm not involved. I've lived virtuously. I've
lived a pretty normal life so far. I'm gonna continue
to live a pretty normal life. So it should be someone
else who has to go through this...
<Page14>
"Huh...?#"
The dim light vanishes. Darkness fills the room.
And within it―――
She can see that she's on fire.
<Page15>
"What's this... my hands are crumbling like ashes."
The arm she had stretched out to touch the wall has
already ceased to exist below the elbow.
She looks down at her body in a panic. Her clothes have
long since burned away. Her skin is charred, her
internal organs and flesh exposed.
The fats in her flesh are burning a deep, deep red
that's almost captivating to look at.
<Page16>
She laughs in relief.
After all―――
She finally has a light.
<Page17>
"... I'm on fire... this is amazing!
Look, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, !"
An anatomical model of a human laughing loudly.
A human torch illuminating the darkness.
And then―――
A single, piercing blow of mercy.
<Page18>
"Sa...sa...sa......sa...sa...sav...save me―――"
She burns up, spewing out boiling blood.
He drinks her fresh blood, as if to savor that warmth.
<Page19>
Hell falls back into darkness.
Finishing his pittance of a meal, he walks across a
hell that is absent of its master.
Behind him are countless corpses.
The people who wandered into this cemetery and the 
who used to inhabit it are all reduced to ashes by that
river of flame.
<Page20>
"―――It's cold here."
<Page21>
Even his breath forms clouds that hang in the air.
Leaving behind a red trail like a slug, he slowly
trudges toward the surface.
"―――The heart of the True Ancestor, shall be mine."
 
He must go and hunt down the mouth-watering prey that
his underlings had just discovered.
